WHEREAS, it is the judgment of the Board that the said suit should be defended, now
therefore,

BE IT RESOLVED: That Ryland Taylor, City Attorney, be and he is hereby authorized
and directed to defend on behalf of the City of Las Vegas, and the Board of City Commission-
ers and the Mayor and individual Commissioners thereof the said suit, in the District Court
of the State of Nevada.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Wards, and His Honor the
Mayor L.L. Arnett voting aye. Noes, none.

At this time the minutes of all previous meetings of the Board of City Commissioners
were read and approved as read.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then recessed
and adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK. CITY
OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEV.
NOVEMBER 4th, 1935

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Clark County, Nevada held on the 4th day of November, 1935, at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Farnsworth,
Marble and Ward, City Attorney and Clerk.

All claims allowed as per claims and warrant register on file in the office of the Clerk.

Arthur Brick of the New Palace Theater Inc. appeared before the Board in regard to se-
curing permission from the Board to erect a sign over Second Street in front on said New

Palace Theater. He was informed that the Commission would make a decision at a later date.

Mr. Jack Beuhler, of Pioche appeared before the Board in regard to the anticipated power
line for the Pioche mining district. Mr. Beuhler ask that the Board of City Commissioners
aid the Pioche District in every way possible to help secure the necessary funds for the
erection of the power line.

Mr. Beuhler was informed that the Board of Commissioners would lend every effort to
back this project.

At this time a proposed ordinance came before the Board for consideration, the same
being an ordinance and entitled:

"An Ordinance authorizing the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Clark County, Nevada, to borrow the sum of two hundred fifth thousand dollars
(250,000) with which to establish, create or acquire by purchase, or con-
struction, a municipally owned electrical power plant and distribution system,
and incidental facilities and to issue and sell the general obligation bonds
of the City of Las Vegas to secure the same, and other matters relating thereto,"
which said ordinance was read aloud in full for the first time and was then and there by the
Board voted upon, approved and adopted and ordered published for a period of two con-
secutive weekly publications immediately next following in the Las Vegas Age, a weekly
newspaper, published in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, State of Nevada.

Voting aye: Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward, and His Honor the
Mayor. Voting against the ordinance: None.

Said Ordinance to be known as Ordinance No. 215.

The purchasing of casing for the well at the City Park was next brought before the
Board for consideration, and on motion of Commissioner Ward, seconded by Commissioner
Farnsworth it was moved and carried that Commissioner Marble proceed with the securing of
casing and materials for said well so that work on same may be pursued with all possible
diligence.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward, and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Ward, it was moved and
carried that the Clerk be directed to write to the Transcontinental Western Air Lines,

Inc. in regard to a suitable site to be used by the City of Las Vegas, for a municipal
airport.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward, and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ward, seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and
Carried that the retail beverage license issued to D.G. Lorenzi for Lorenzi Lake Resort be
transferred from the said Lorenzi Lake Resort to 129 South 1st St. and that the Clerk be
authorized to issued said D.G. Lorenzi, a certified copy of said license, owing to the
fact that the original license No. 15976 had been lost.

Vote was as follows, Commissioner Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward, and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.