Upon motion of Commissioner Hansell, seconded my Commissioner Thomas it was moved
that the bond of A.R. Thompson, City Engineer, be approved by the Mayor. City Attorney
Stevens ruling that the bond was correct as to form. Said bond is from the Aetna Casualty
and Surety Company.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Hansell, and Thomas, and His Honor
the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Said bond being filed with the Clerk after its approval by the Mayor.

Mayor Hesse, appoint Commissioner Hansell to approve some of the Sept. bills as
Finance Commissioner owing to the absence of Commissioner German, Finance Commissioner.

The Board of City Commissioners then met in a joint session with the Board of County
Commissioners and discussed ways and means of caring for the needy within the City. No definite
 action was taken.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Wednesday the 15th day of October at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK, COUNTY, NEVADA.

OCTOBER 15th, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 15th day of October, 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Smith, Thomas, and Hansell together with the
City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner German.

Minutes of previous meetings read and approved as read.

A petition was filed with the Board of Commissioners signed by a number of citi-
zens asking that Henry Blackall be be placed on the Police Department and patrol the
northern portion of the City. Said petition was referred to R. W. Thomas Police and Fire
Commissioner for his consideration.

A Letter from the Deer Creek Corporation was read to the Board asking that the
City help construct six miles of road into Deer Creek, and that the Deer Creek Corpor-
ation would deed to the City and County of Clark 20 acres of land to be used as a public
park.

City Attorney Stevens informed the Board that the City could not acquire lands
out side of the city limits except for water right. Clerk was directed to write to said
corporation and thank them for their offer, and explain to them the reason for not accept-
ing their offer.

Upon motion of Commissioner Smith seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was moved
that the following gaming application be granted, said applications being accompanied
by money covering the amount of tables applied for:

Mayme V. Stocker, four tables, application accompanied by $350.00

Leo Kind, two tables, application being accompanied by $150.00

A. T. Mc Carter, three tables, application being accompanied by $250.00

H.P. Harris and Lyle Smith, two tables, $150.00 accompanying application.

Geo. Smith, and Jack Butler, two tables, application being accompanied by $150.00
The foregoing applications being approved by R. W. Thomas, Police & Fire Commissioner.

Vote on said motion being as follows: Commissioners Smith, Thomas, and Hansell,
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

The applications of Boulder Club, Las Vegas Club, and Chas. Taylor Company being
held over until the application are properly filled out.

The application of Cleto Aguirre was laid over for further investigation.

Upon motion of Commissioner Hansell, seconded by Commissioner Smith it was moved
that the gaming applications of Don Yee, and Peccetti not be granted as same were not
approved by the Police and Fire Commissioner Thomas.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Smith, Thomas, and Hansell,
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

The Board next considered a letter from the Board of Examination of the Civil
Engineers and Surveyors offering their services gratis in drafting an ordinance for the
zoining of the City of Las Vegas is the Board of Commissioner should consider such an
ordinance at this time.