all bidders on the proposed Ornamental Street System.

Vote as follows: Commissioners German, Hansell, Thomas, and Smith. and His Honor the

Mayor voting Aye. Noes None.

Commissioner German ask the Board for a six week leave of absence. There upon Motion
of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Thomas Commissioner German was granted a
six week leave of absence.

	Vote as follows: Commissioners Thomas, Hansell, and Smith, and His Honor the Mayor

Hesse voting Aye. Noes None. Commissioner German not voting.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting re-
cessed till the hour of three o'clock P.M. Sept. 13th, 1929.

OFFICE OF THE CITE CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK
COUNTY, NEVADA.

SEPT. 13th 1929.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held Sept. 13th, 1929 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor J. Hesse, Commissioners Thomas, Hansell, and Smith to-gether with
the City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner W. C. German.

Minutes of meeting of Sept. 12th read and approved as read.

The Bond of the Las Vegas Disposal Co; was present to the Board. Same being approved
by the City Attorney E. A. Stevens.

There upon motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Thomas the Bond of
the Las Vegas Disposal Co. was accepted by the Board same to be approved by the Mayor, and
City Clerk to Attest same.

Vote as follows: Commissioners Smith Hansell, and Thomas, and His Honor the Mayor
voting Aye noes none.

A letter from the International Trust Co; was read to the Board in regards to the
bonds for a new sewer system. With this letter from the International Trust Co; was one from
the Law Firm of Pershing, Nye, Tallmadge, and Bosworth of Denver, Colo. also in regards to
the ways bonds for a sewer system might be secured.

The respective bids of King and Malone of Reno, Koebig & Koebig of Los Angeles, and
the Nevada Engineering & Construction Service Inc. were again considered.

Commissioner Thomas brought before the Board the matter of the City buying a new
fire truck.

There upon the members of the Board entered into a discussion of nays and means of
providing the money for the installation of a new sewer system, and survey, and the pur-
chasing of a new fire truck. After a lengthy discussion of the matter, and no decision be-
ing reached the Board recessed until Tuesday Sept. 17th at the hour of 3 o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

SEPT. 17th, 1929.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held on the 17th
day of Sept. 1929, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present J. F. Hesse Mayor, Commissioners, Smith, Hansell, and Thomas, together with
the City Attorney, and Clerk.	

Absent Commissioner German.

Minutes of meeting of Sept. 13th read, and approved as read.

A letter from the City Attorney of Yerrington, Nevada was read to the Board asking
for a copy of the ordinance used governing City Licenses.

There upon motion of Commissioner Thomas, and seconded by Commissioner Hansell the
Clerk was directed to send the City Attorney of Yerrington a copy of Ordinance No. 48 gov-
erning City Licenses.

Vote as follows: Commissioners Smith, Hansell, and Thomas, and His Honor the Mayor
voting Aye. Noes None.

A letter from J. B. Markham was read to the Board in regards to a way of financing
a sewer survey, and installing a new sewer system.

Thereupon motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Smith it was
moved that the letter of J. B. Markham be placed on file for further consideration when a
new sewer system is considered.

Vote as follows: Commissioners Smith, Hansell, and Thomas, and His honor the Mayor

voting Aye. Noes None.		