OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

APRIL 1st, 1935.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 1st day of April, 1935 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Arnett, Marble, and
Down, City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner German.

he Board took under consideration at this time the placing of the question of municipal
ownership on the ballot at the coming general City Election.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett, seconded by Commissioner Down the following Resolution
was duly adopted:

RESOLVED: That, pursuant to the authority in this Board vested, the question of whether or not
the duly qualified Electors of said City are in favor of a municipally owned electric power and
light plant and system for the furnishing and distribution of electric power and energy to and
for the inhabitants of said City, and the creation and maintenance of same, be placed on the
ballot and submitted to the duly qualified Electors of said City for approval or disapproval
at the General City Election to be held on Tuesday the 7th day of May, 1935, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED: That, the City Clerk be and she is hereby ordered and directed to
have printed on said ballot said question in the following form:

Do you favor the proposition of and so direct the Board of City Commissioners
and proper officials of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, to create or acquire and
maintain a municipally owned electric power and light plant and system for the
sale and distribution of electric power and energy to the inhabitants of the
City of Las Vegas, Nevada?

YES__________________

NO__________________

Vote on the foregoing resolution was Commissioners Arnett, Down and Marble, and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

At this time the Clerk presented to the Board a petition signed by a number of property
owners asking that no provision be made for the opening of a funeral home at 511 Fremont Street.
Also a number of interested persons appeared in person asking that the operation of such business
be prohibited in said district.

On motion of Commissioner Marble, Seconded by Commissioner Arnett it was moved and carried
that said petition be placed on file until the matter was considered at a meeting to be held
on the 5th day of April, 1935.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Marble and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes none.

On motion of Arnett seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried that the follow-
ing liquor licenses be granted:

Fountain Grill, Read City Drug, Rex Jarrett and Victor E. Willis retail beverage licenses
(5½%) license fee $10.00 per quarter

Read City Drug and Fountain Grill retail liquor stores sealed packages only fee $500.00 per
quarter year.

Outpost Trading Company wholesale beverage license $25.00 per quarter year.

Vote on the motion was Commissioners Arnett, Marble and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down the following slot machine
licenses were granted:

Jack Weisberger	3	machines

R.H. Lowery	1	machine

Frank C. Kiernen	2	machines

Rex Jarrett	1	machine

Fountain Grill	1	"

White Cross Drug Co.	2	"

A.E. King Ellison	1	"

Read City Drug	3	"

Applications being in proper form and money on file with the City Clerk to cover the same.
Vote in said motion was as follows; Commissioners Arnett, Marble and Down and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that the following gaming and slot machine licenses be granted. All applications being in proper
form and money on file with the City Clerk to cover the same.

Boulder Club Inc. 8 slot machines, two card games, seven devices including Keno.

Jack D. Butler, one card game and two devices

Las Vegas Club, four slot machine, three card games, seven devices, including Keno.

Northern Club, three slot machines, two card games, five devices.

P.O. Silvagni, Three slot machines, five devices.

C.F. Reid one poker table.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, Marble and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes none.

At this time Mr. Marble announced that all was in readiness for the annual City Clean-up
week, and ask that definite dates be set.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried
that the week of April 15th to 20th, 1935 be designated as the annual clean-up week.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Marble, and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then adjourned.