I hereby by call a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, to be held in the Board Boom of the said Board at the County Court House
in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada on Tuesday the 2nd day of July
1929 at the hour of three o'clock P.M. for the purpose of considering, and acting upon the
following matters:

Applications for gambling licenses

Matters connected with paving improvements.

You are hereby directed to service notice upon all members in accordance with this

call.

J. F. Hesse___

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

Notice of Special

Meeting of the Board of City Commissioners
Of the City of Las Vegas.

Las Vegas, Nevada July 2nd, 1929.

To J. F. Hesses Mayor, and to O. J. Smith, R. W. Thomas, L. B. Handell, and W. C German

Commissioners.;

You, and	each	of	you are hereby notified, that in accordance with a call issued by

the Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of

the City of Las Vegas will be held at the Board Room of the said Board at the County Court
House in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, on Tues. the 2nd day of

July 1929 at the hour of three o'clock P.M. for the purpose of considering and acting

upon the following matters:

Applications for gambling licenses

Hatters connected with paving improvements.

You will govern yourselves accordingly.

Viola Burns

City Seal.	City Clerk

Due service of the above and foregoing call and notice is hereby admitted this 2nd
day of July 1929. And we hereby assent to the transaction of all business of any kind at
said meeting.

J. F. Hesse

O.	J. Smith 	L. B Hansell

___R. C. Thomas	W. C. German

There upon the Clerk read the minutes of the meetings of June 11th and 19th, and
same were approved, as read.

The following renewals came before the Board at this time for gaming licenses:

Application of A. T. Gilmore for a license for the operation of two gaming tables
the fee of $150.00 being paid, and said applicant being approved by the Police, and Fire
Commissioners. Upon motion duly made, and seconded, and carried it was ordered that the
license be issued.

Application of Brown & Sanders for a license for the operation of two gaming tables
the fee of $150.00 being paid, and the said applicant being approved by the Police, and
Fire Commissioner. Upon Motion duly made seconded, and carried it was ordered that the
license be issued.

Application of F. S LeRoy for a license for the operation of two gaming tables, the
fee of $150.00 being paid, and the said applicant being approved by the Police, and Eire
Commissioner. Upon motion duly made seconded, and carried it was ordered that the license
be issued.

Application of Do Ritchie for a license for the operation of two gaming tables the
fee of $150.00 being paid, and the said applicant being approved by the Police & Fire

Commissioner. Upon motion	duly made seconded, and carried it was ordered that the

license be issued.

Application of Leo Kind for a license for the operation of two gaming tables. the
fee of $150.00 being paid, and the said applicant being approved by the Police, & Fire

Commissioner. Upon notion duly made seconded, and carried it was ordered that the license

be issued.

Application of Stocker Brothers for the operation of three gaming tables the fee of
$250.00 being paid, and the same being approved by the Police, and Fire Commissioner. Upon
motion duly made seconded, and carried it was ordered that the license be issued.

Application of W. J. Allen for a license for the operation of two gaming tables, the fee
of $150.00 being paid, and the said applicant being approved by the Fire, and Police Com-
missioner. Upon motion duly made, seconded, and carried it was ordered that the license be
issued.

Application Sam Sterns for a license for the operation of two gaming tables, the fee
of $150.00 being paid, and the said applicant being approved by the Police & Fire Commis-
sioner. Upon motion duly made seconded, and carried it was ordered that the license be
issued.

Application of A. T. McCarter for a license for the operation of three gaming tables
the fee of 250.00 being paid, and the said applicant being approved by the Police and Fire Commission-
er. Upon motion duly made seconded, and carried it was ordered that the license be issued.

Application of Rumph and Moran for a license for the operation of two gaming tables,
the fee of $150.00 being paid, and the said applicant being approved by the Police and Fire
Commissioner. Upon motion duly made seconded and carried it was ordered that the license
be issued.

Application of Frank Martin for a license for the operation of two tables the fee
of 150.00 being paid, and the said applicant being approved by the Police, and Fire Commissioner.

Upon motion duly made seconded, and carried it was ordered that the license be issued.

Application of L. R. Boyer for a license for operation of two gaming tables, the
fee of $150.00 being paid, and the said applicant being approved by the Police, and Fire
Commissioner. Upon motion duly made seconded, and carried it was ordered that the license
be issued.

	Application of John Scott for a license for the operation of two gaming tables the

fee of $150.00 being paid, and the said applicant being approved by the
Police, and Fire Commissioner. Upon motion duly made seconded, and carried it was ordered