Attest:

Viola Burns	Signed E.W. Cragin

City Clerk	Mayor.

Dated March 5th, 1934.

Vote on the above motion was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, German, Down, and Marble
and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

The clerk was then directed to	have the said "Form for Publication"	published in the	Las

Vegas Review Journal for a period of	two weeks, two	publications. That is	to say once a week

for two weeks.

At this time the natter of having the sewer laterals being in stalled in Westside in-
spected came before the Board for consideration.

After some discussion on the matter on motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by
Commissioner Marble it was moved that Mr. Down, Commissioner of Water, Sewer and Lights be
authorized to hire an inspector, who	in his opinion	is qualified to act as such inspector.

Compensation be be $7.00 per day for	actual time on	the project.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Marble, and German, and His
Honor the mayor voting aye. Commissioner Down not voting. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Wednesday the 7th day of March at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MARCH 7th, 1934.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, held on the 7th day of March, 1934 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Arnett, Marble, and
German, and Down, City Attorney and City Clerk.

Mr. Alfred Blackman, Auditor for the City entered into a detailed report on the prepar-
ation of the City Budget for the year 1934 as same was adopted at the regular meeting of the
Board of Commissioners held on the 5th day of March, 1934. No changes were suggested in the
budget at this time.

An Ordinance entitled, "An Ordinance regulating the operation of Motor vehicles in the
City of Las Vegas with short wave length radio receiving sets; providing for permits; and pro-
viding penalties for the violation of this ordinance," was read for a first time and upon
second reading passed as an emergency ordinance upon the following vote, Commissioners Arnett,
Marble, German and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

The Clerk was directed to have same published in the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper
published in the City of Las Vegas, once each week for two consecutive weeks. Said ordinance
to be known as Ordinance No. 206.

The matter of an amendment to the present liquor ordinances in the City of Las Vegas
was brought before the Board for discussion and after a lengthy discussion on the matter City
Attorney Henderson, was directed to draft an amendment to the City liquor ordinances and pre-
sent the same to the Board for consideration at the next recessed regular meeting.

The business of selling $16,000.00 worth of sewer bonds of the City of Las Vegas was
next brought before the Board for consideration, and after some discussion on the matter on
motion of Commissioners Down seconded by Commissioner Arnett the following Preambles and Res-
olution was adopted:

Whereas it is deemed necessary for the best interest of the City of Las Vegas and
to provide suitable sanitary conditions therein, that the main outfall sewer system of the
City be extended to provide sewage for certain portions of the City, and

Whereas, it appearing that under the C.W.A. the same can be done at this time at a
great saving to the City, and

Whereas the City will be at an expense of approximately $16,000.00 only in the matter
and it being deemed highly advantageous to incur an indebtedness of $16,000.00 to complete
the sewer system under the C.W.A. and said bonds having already been authorized to be issued
and sold,

Wow Therefore, Be it Resolved, that bonds in a sum of not exceeding $16,000.00
be sold for the purpose of paying the costs chargeable to the City in the completion of said
sewer system and,

Be It Further Resolved that the City Clerk be and she is hereby authorized to
advertise for bids for the purchase of $16,000.00 worth of said City bonds, being bonds
numbered 17 to 36 inclusive. Each bond being dated July 1st, 1931 and of the denomination of
$1,000.00 each. Bonds numbered 17 to 24 inclusive maturing July 1st, 1935, and bonds numbered
25 to 32 inclusive maturing July 1st, 1936. None of said bonds to be sold at less than par
and accrued interest.

The vote on the said motion was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, German, Marble,
and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.