

There upon motion of Commissioner Hansell, seconded by Commissioner German that
the map of said plot be approved, and the Clerk act on behalf of the City.

Vote as follows: Commissioners German, Hansee, and Thomas voting Aye. Noes None.

The matter of an office for the Municipal Judge was next to be considered, and
after due consideration the following Preambles, and Resolution was adopted;

Upon Motion of Commissioner Hansell, seconded by Commissioner Thomas, the follow-
ing Preambles, and Resolution was adopted:

WHEREAS, suitable quarters for the holding of sessions of the Municipal Court of
the City of Las Vegas have been provided by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas at No. 108 North Second Street in Clark's Las Vegas, Townsite in said City in a
building situate at the north end of lots 21 and 22 in Block No. 15 of Clark's Las Vegas,
Townsite,

NOW THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, that the court room provided therein be, and the same
is hereby designated as the Court Room of the Municipal Court of the City of Las Vegas,
where all sessions of such Municipal Court shall hereafter, until further order of this
Board be held,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Municipal Judge of the City of Las Vegas be noti-
fied by the City Clerk of the passage of this Resolution,

EE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that hereafter all sessions of the Municipal Court be held
in said Municipal Court Room, until the further order of the Board,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that from, and after the date of the passage of this Re-
solution no further rent be paid by the City of Las Vegas, for the Court Room of said
Municipal Court at any place other than the above mentioned Court Room, until further or-
der of this Board.

Vote as follows: Commissioners German, Hansell, and Thomas voting Aye. Noes None.

At this time the matter of installing a new accounting system in the City of Las Vegas
was brought before the Board. After due consideration a motion was introduced by Com-
missioner Hansell, and seconded by Commissioner Thomas that the City install a new account-
ing system, same to be installed by Mr. Black from the office of W.J. Hooper. This system to
include all City official that handle any monies of the City what so ever. Mr. Blackman to
render his services when ever need until the system is in full operation. The City books to
be subject to a quarterly audit. Same to cost the City approximately $75.00 per quarter per
audit.

Motion carried by the following vote: Commissioners German, Thomas, and Hansell voting
Aye. Noes None.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, the meet-
ing then adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. -

Aug. 28th, 1929.

At a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, held on August 28th, 1929 at the hour of 7:30 o'clock P.M.

Present His Honor the Mayor J.F. Hesse, an d Commissioners, Hansell, German, and
Thomas together with the City Attorney, and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Smith.

CALL

Las Vegas, Nevada, Aug. 28th, 1929.

	To--- Viola Burns, City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas:

A special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas is hereby called, to be held at the office room of said Board in the County Court House
in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, on the 28th day of August 1929
at the hour of 7:30 P.M. to consider, and act upon the following matters:

1.	The appointment of a Building Inspector.

2.	The application of Tutor Scherer for a gaming license at the Pavillion at

Lorenzi's resort in said City.

3.	The application of Chas. E. Taylor for a gaming license at 127 So. 1st St;

You will give notice in accordance with this call.

J. F. Hesse.	

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

NOTICE.

To -- R. W. Thomas, J.F. Hessse, L. B. Hansell, and W. C. German. Commissioners, and Mayor 

of the City of Las Vegas:

	You are hereby notified that pursuant to a cell this day issued by the Mayor J. F. Hesse

of the City of Las Vegas, a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioner of the