OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

May 20th, 1929.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, held on the 20th day of May, 1929, at the hour of 7:30 o'clock, P. M.

PRESENT: His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse; Commissioners W. B. Mundy, W. C. German; also
City Attorney and Clerk.

ABSENT: Commissioners O. J. Smith and Roy Neagle.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

The Clerk presented to the Board the application of Harry Barnett for issuance of gaming
license. After consideration it was moved by Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner
German, and duly carried that said application be laid over and referred to the Chief of Police for investigation.

Thereafter, a recess was declared until Wednesday the 22nd day of May, 1929, at the hour
of three o'clock, P. M.

and

Whereas, the form of said bonds in the principal sum of $377.88 each and the coupons thereon
are the same as said bonds for $1000 each, except as to the necessary variations of amounts of the
principal sums thereof and the amounts of interest, and

WHEREAS, the said coupons on each and all of said bonds are countersigned with the facsimile
signature of F. C. DeVinney, City Assessor of the City of Las Vegas, and

WHEREAS, the said bonds have been sold to Snow Goodart & Co. of Salt Lake City, Utah,

NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the bonds in the form aforesaid, as presented to the
Boa d at this meeting be approved as to form and substance, and that the said bonds and each of them
be signed by the Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, and the City Clerk, and countersigned by the City
Assessor and authenticated by the seal of the City of Las Vegas, and by the Clerk of this Board
delivered forthwith to the City Treasurer of the City of Las Vegas and by him delivered to the
said purchaser upon the receipt of the purchase price as heretofore determined upon the acceptance
of the bid of the said Snow Goodart & Co.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the City Clerk certify to a copy of the minutes of this meeting
and furnish such certified copy under the seal of said City to the purchaser of said bonds.

There being no further business before the meeting at this time, upon motion of Commissioner
German, seconded by Commissioner Smith and duly carried the meeting was recessed until Monday the
20th day of May, 1929 at the hour of 7:30 o'clock P. M.