OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JUNE 30th, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 30th day of June 1930, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Thomas, German, Hansell, and Smith, together with the
City Attorney and Clerk.

A large number of Citizens were present as this was the time set for the hearing of pro-
tests if any against the widening of Fremont Street, as petitioned for to the Board of Commission-
ers in November 1929.

A petition was filed with the Board signed by a number of property owners against the
widening of Fremont Street.

On motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner German, it was moved that the
Clerk be directed to check the petition as to the legality of the owners, the number of feet
frontage on Fremont Street and the legality of the signatures, and report on same to the Board
at an early date.		

Vote on said Motion was as follows: Commissioners Hansell, German, Smith, and Thomas, and His
Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

An Ordinance regulating the business of doing electrical installation, fixture and connection
work and providing for the examination of persons engaged in the same, creating a bord of ex-
amination, regulating the sale of electrical fixtures and appliances, providing additional re-
gulations for electrical installation, providing for the licensing of electrical workers, fixing
a penalty for the violation thereof, and repealing Ordinance No. 156, of the City of Las Vegas,
entitled, "An Ordinance regulating the business of doing electrical installation, fixture and
connection work and providing for the examination of persons engaged in the same, and creating
an examination board, and providing a penalty for the violation thereof," and repealing Ordin-
ance No. 128 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled "An Ordinance providing for the licensing of
electrical workers in the City of Las Vegas, and fixing a penalty for the violation thereof,"
and repealing all Ordinances and parts of Ordinances in conflict with the provisions of this
Ordinance," was read to the Board for a first time and laid over for a second reading.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting
recessed until Tuesday the 1st day of July 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA?

JULY 1st, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 1st day of July 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Hansell, and Smith, together with the City Attorney
and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners German, and Thomas.

At this time the Clerk reported to the Board the checking of the petition protesting against
the widening of Fremont Street. Clerk reported that there was 2,960 feet to be improved, and the
petition protesting against the widening contained the legal signatures of bona fide owners re-
presenting a total frontage of 2,115 ft. on Fremont Street. Petitions requesting the withdrawal
of their names from the protest petition representing 300 feet was filed with the Clerk. This
amount from the petition protesting left a total of 1,815 feet. This represented over 51% of the
property owners on Fremont Street protesting against the widening of said street.

Upon motion of Commissioner Hansell, seconded by Commissioner Smith it was moved, that the
proceeding for the widening of Fremont Street between Main and Fifth Streets be dropped as same
was protested by over 51% of the property owners interested.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Smith, and Hansell, and His Honor the Mayor
Hesse, voting Aye. Noes none.

Mrs. Ethel Ginther, owner of the Overland Hotel appeared before the Board and ask that
the City have the Welcoming Arch at Main and Fremont Street inspected, as same was in need of re-
pairs. Commissioner Smith was directed to have same looked after and torn down if necessary.

The following Bills were allowed:

$19,093.19	R.E. Hazard Contracting Company. June Estimate.

7,165.86	R. E. Hazard Contracting Company Final estimate.

37,257.20	General Constructing Corp. & R.A Watson final estimate.

The following were appoint as an examining Board of the Plumbers of the City of Las
Vegas: W. J. Rhodes, B. W. Snyder, and R.H. Elser Plumbing Inspector*