This being the time set for the opening of bids on the Las Vegas Street improvement Dis-
trict No. 3 and three sealed bids being in the hands of the Clerk, the Clerk was directed to
open said bids. The said bids being from Bebek & Brkich, amount of bid $68,290.00,

Pacific Construction Co., $69,760.00 and J.C.Compton Co; $72,330.00. A.R.Tompson, Assistant
P.W.A. Engineer for the State was present and assisted in the tabulation of the bids.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and car-
ried that the following form of Resolution accepting the bid of Bebek and Brkich be forwarded
to The State Office of the PWA for its approval before the adoption of said Resolution.

RESOLUTION

Whereas, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las V gas heretofore advertised forbids
for the construction of street improvements upon the project designated "Las V gas 1937 Improve-
ment District No. 3" and designated also "PWA Docket No. Nevada 1021-D", the said advertisement
having been published in all issues of the Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal newspaper commencing
on the 23rd day of January, 1937, and concluding on the 6th day of February, 1937, and

Whereas, in response to the said advertisement certain bids upon the said project was made
according to plans, specifications and contract documents heretofore approved by the Board of Com-
missioners of the City of Las Vegas, and

Whereas, Bebek and Brkich, a co-partnership, being the best responsible bidder, that is to
say, having agreed to preform the said construction work for the sum of Sixty-Eight Thousand
Two Hundred Ninety Dollars, ($68,290.00) excluding all alternates, now, therefore,

Be It Resolved: That the said bid of the said Bebek and Brkich, a co-partnership, be and the
same hereby is accepted; that the Mayor and City Clerk be and they are hereby authorized to sign
for and oh behalf of the City of Las Vegas all necessary contract documents with the said Bebek
and Brkich, a co-partnership for the performance of the said construction, agreeably with con-
tract documents, plans and specifications heretofore approved, in the sum of SIXTY-EIGHT THOUSAND
TWO HUNDRED NINETY DOLLARS ($68,290.00).

Vote on the above was Commissioners Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and adjourned
until Tuesday the 9th day of February, 1937 at the hour of two o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

FEBRUARY 9th, 1937.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 9th day of February, 1937 at the hour of 2 P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and
Perry, City Attorney and Clerk.

On motion of Commissioner Perry Seconded By Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that
a Resolution heretofore passed on the 9th day of January, 1937, transferring the sum of $5,000 from
the General Fund to the Las Vegas Street Improvement District No. 3 fund be rescinded.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,

none.

On motion of Commissioner Perry Seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried that
the following Resolution be introduced and passed:

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas is about to enter into a contract with Nick Bebek and Jack
Brkich, for the construction of Street Improvements upon the project designated as "Las Vegas 1937
Improvement District No. 3" and designated also as "PWA Docket No. Nevada 1021-D," and

WHEREAS, a special assessment has been levied upon the property situate within the aforesaid
assessment is not now available, and	

WHEREAS, it is necessary in order to immediately start construction upon the said project and
to meet the grant of the United States of America, therefore,

BE IT RESOLVED that the City Clerk and City Treasurer be, and they are hereby, directed and
authorized to transfer from the General Fund of the City of Las Vegas the sum of Twenty-five Thousand
Dollars ($25,000.00) to the said street project fund, the said sum to be repaid to the General
Fund of the City of Las Vegas when money become available from the said assessment, the said money
so transferred to be immediately available for the construction of the improvements above designated.

IT IS FURTHER ORDERED that the said sum of $25,000.00 be for with transferred to the First State
Bank of Las Vegas, Nevada, and there be deposited in the fund designated as "Las Vegas Street
Improvement construction account."

Vote on the above Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry,
and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

The Clerk read to the Board a report of the Health Office, Dr. F.R. Mildren covering his
findings at the Las Vegas Packing House.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the report of Dr. Mildren be accepted, and filed. That the City clerk forthwith send a copy
of the report to the Las Vegas Packing Co. and instruct said Company to have a representative
appear before the Board at the next recessed regular meeting and explain to said Board why the
sanitary conditions at the packing plant and slaughter house had not been improved.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none*