OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS?

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA

NOVEMBER 23, 1932.

	Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 23rd day of November 1932 at the hour or three o'clock P.M.

Roll called showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, Thomas and Ger-
man, City Attorney and Clerk/

Absent Commissioner Hansell.

At this time L.H. Reece appeared before the Board of Commissioners in regard to the revocation
of a permit granted the Southern Nevada Market Association for the operation of a slaughter
to be operated on the Ullom property on the Westside of the City of Las Vegas and ask that the
permit be granted to operate the same on a site on the Russell property.

On motion of Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved that the
Board revoke the permit granted to the Southern Nevada Market Association for the operation of
a slaughter house on the Ullom property on the Westside of the City of Las Vegas and that permit
be granted the Southern Nevada Market Association to operate a slaughter house on the following
described property situate on what is known as the Russell Ranch.:

Commencing at a point on the north boundary of the S.E. ¼ of Section 29, T.P. 20 S. Rg.61
E: M.D.M. forom which the ¼ Sec. Cor. between Sections 28 and 29 T. 20 S.R. 61 E. Bears
S.88 27' E. 57' Ft. Dist; running Thence parallel to the East Boundary of said Section,

29, S. 0 25' E. 1320.	7 Ft. to a point on the North Boundary of the right of way of

Clark Avenue, prolonged; thence along the North Boundary of Clark Ave. right of way N.88
44' W. 330 ft.: Thence parallel to the east boundary of said Sec. 29 N. 0 25' W. 1342.3 ft.
to a point on the North boundary of the S.E. ¼ of the said Sec. 29 thence along the North
boundary of the S.E. ¼ of said Sec. 29, S. 88 27' E. 33 ft. to the place of the beginning.
Vote on said motion being as follows: Commissioners Mundy German and Thomas and His Honor
the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Dr. Mildren, City Health was in attendance at the meeting and sanctioned the action of the
Board of Commissioners in the granting of the above permit.

	

A letter from the Clark County Archaeological Society was read to the Board at this time asking
for some financial support from the City of Las Vegas in the furthering of the work of that
Society,

On motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Thomas it was moved that the
City give the sum of One Hundred Dollars from the Publicity Fund to the Clark County Archaeologi-
cal Society for the carring on of the work of that society.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, and Thomas and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Thomas, Seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved and carried
that the City of Las Vegas pay the balance due the Von Tobel Lumber Company on materials used in
the band stand erected on the Court House grounds amounting to $62.05, and also pay the Nevada
Electric Company the amount due them for materials amounting to $28.98 used for wiring the same.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, and Thomas and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Friday the 2nd day of December, 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

DECEMBER 2nd. 1932.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held on the 2nd day
of December 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners,	German,

and Thomas, City attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Mundy.

Bimonthly salary claims approved.

Mr. O.A. Kimball appeared before the Board at this time in regard to the re-surveying
of Block 9 in Fairview Addition to the City of Las Vegas.

City Attorney Stevens was directed to look into the legislative acts governing the
same and to report back to the Board at an early date.

John Miller appeared before the Board with a petition signed by a number of property
owner of property in Block 3, Clark's Las Vegas townsite, petitioning the Board of Commissioners to

have the alley in said Black payed the same to paid by special assessment against the property
owners.

A.R. Thompson, City Engineer and F.W. Stevens were directed to have prepared an esti-
mate of the cost of said improvement, and plans, notices of intention so that the same may be
considered at a meeting to be held in the near future.

Mr. Miller also called the attention of the Board to the fact the the Sal Sagev
Hotel was in need of two loading zones, one on the Fremont Street side and one on the Main St.
side of said hotel.

The City Clerk was directed to write Mr. W.B. Mundy, Commissioner of Streets and
Public places and ask that arrangements be made with J.F. King, Supt. of Streets to have the