OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

APRIL 22, 1931.

At a recessed regular meeting of the -Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 22nd day of April at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners German, Thomas, Hansell, and Smith together with the
City Attorney and Clerk.

City Attorney Stevens reported to the Board of Commissioners that he had looked into
the law in regards to the Board of City Commissioners having the power to pass ordinances,
and resolutions to regulate gaming in the City of Las Vegas, and found that the city was within
its power in passing Ordinance No. 165, and limiting the granting of gaming licenses.

At this time an ordinance entitled, "An Ordinance regulating dry cleaning plants in the
City of Las Vegas, providing penalties for the violation thereof, and other matters relating
thereto, and repealing all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict therewith," was read
for a second time and passed by the following vote, Commissioners German, Hansell, and Thomas
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

The Clerk was directed to have same published in the Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal
a daily newspaper printed and published in the City of Las Vegas. Said Ordinance to be in
full force and effect from and after its complete publication.

A petition from Thomas M. Carroll and Nellie C. Carroll his wife for the vacating a
portion of Pioneer Heights Addition to Las Vegas , Nevada was filed with the Board.

On motion of Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Thomas the following
Resolution was duly adopted:

Whereas, Thomas M. Carroll and Nellie C. Carroll, owners of all of Block 28; lots
9 to 16 inclusive in Block 26, Lots 21 to 29 inclusive in Block 26, and all of Block 27; all
in Pioneer Heights Addition to Las Vegas, Nevada, have acting through A. R. Thompson, filed
with this Board a petition to vacate certain unoccupied protions of said Pioneer Heights
Addition as shown in said Petition, and

It appearing to the Board that said petition is in proper form and in substance,

NOW THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, that a copy of this petition be published at the ex-
pense of said petitioners in the manner and for the time provided by law.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners German Hansell and Thomas,
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Commissioner German introduced the following entitled Ordinance, "An Ordinance
of the Commission of the City of Las Vegas, establishing a residence district, industrial
and commercial district within the said City of Las Vegas, defining such districts de-
claring it unlawful to erect, establish, maintain, or operate certain factories, works, or
establishments within the said residence districts and said commercial districts; regulating
the erection, establishment, maintenance, operation and rebuilding of certain works or
establishments in said districts; providing penalties for the violation of said ordinance,
and repealing ordinances in conflict therewith."

After some discussion on the above mentioned ordinance on motion of Commissioner
Smith seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was moved that said said Ordinance be passed as
and emergency ordinance and he read for a first and second time, and passed at this recessed
regular meeting, by the following vote, Commissioners German, -Thomas, Hansell and Smith, and
His Honor the Mayor Hesse, voting Aye. Noes none.

The Clerk was directed to have said ordinance published in the Las Vegas Evening
Review and Journal, a daily newspaper printed and published in the City of Las Vegas, for a
period of one week six issues, and said ordinance to be in full force and effect from and after
it complete publication.

On motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner German the following
slot machine licenses were granted:

State Cafe	3 Slot Machines

R.C. Andred	2	"	"

DeLux Barber Shop	1	"	"

J.T. Watters	23	"	"

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, German, and Hansell
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Friday the 24th day of April at the hour of three o'clock P.M.