Vote on Mr. Marbles motion was as follows: Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry and
His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried that
the report of the Junior Chamber of Commerce covering the President's Birthday ball be accepted and
the report thereof be entered upon the minutes of this meeting:

February 2, 1937

Hon. Mayor Arnett,

Las Vegas, Nevada.

Dear Sir;

We wish to submit the following report regarding the 1937 President's Birthday Ball for
the President held at the American Legion Hall at Las Vegas, Nevada, on the 30th day of January,
1937.

RECEIPTS___	EXPENSES

$ 527.75	Misc	1.00

Music	62.00

Rent	75.00

Pub.	Address	System	7.50

Tickets	&	Placards	24.50

Pass-out checks	_______5.00

175.00

Net Profit

$352.75

30% of which to wit $105.83 to be sent to National Committee, and 70% retained by local committee
 to wit $246.92

hanking you again for the honor you have conferred upon us, we beg to remain,

Yours very truly,

Junior Chamber of Commerce
By Paul Ralli
President

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Roes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that a retail beverage license be granted to Bert Smith for 125 South Fifth Street for the year
1937.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye
Roes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and ad-
journed until Wednesday the 10th day of February, 1937 at the hour of ten o'clock A.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.
FEBRUARY 10th, 1937.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 10th day of February, 1937 at the hour of ten o'clock A.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Krause, Marble,
and Perry, City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Down.

No business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and adjourned.
until the hour of four o'clock P.M..

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

FEBRUARY 10th, 1937.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 10th day of February, 1937 at the hour of four o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Krause, and
Marble, City Attorney and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Perry.

Mr. Horn, of the Department of Justice, appeared before the Board and explained in detail
the holding of a school in Washington D.C. for instructions to police and peace officers, and
informed the Board that two (2) men from the State of Nevada would be entitled to enroll in said
school. The school to convene in May and run for twelve consecutive weeks. Tuition to be of no
expense to the City.

Mr. Horn was informed that the City of Las Vegas would be glad to send a man to attend the
school, and in all probability it would be Mr. Mackey, chief of Police.

No further business appearing before the Board the meeting recessed and adjourned until
Thursday the 11th day of February, at the hour of one thirty o'clock P.M.

Approved:

Mayor.