Each bid, except the bid of the State of Nevada, if one is received, must be accompanied
by a deposit of five percent eight cash or certified check payable to the City Clerk of the
City of Las Vegas, of the amount of the bid, which will be returned if the bid is not accepted;
and if the successful bidder shall fail or neglect to complete the purchase of said bonds within
thirty days following the acceptance of his or its bid, the amount of his or its deposit will
be forfeited to said City of Las Vegas, and in that event said Board of Commissioners will elect
whether or not it will accept the bid of the one making the next best bid. If there be two or
more equal bids and such bids are the best received, and not less than par and accrued interest
said Board of Commissioner will determine which bid shall be accepted.

All bids must be sealed in opaque envelopes and marked "For Las Vegas Sewerage Bonds,

1931 Issue," and addressed to the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, Las Vegas, Nevada. Bids
will be opened by said Board of Commissioners on the 14th day of October, 1931, at three o'clock
P.M. at the regular meeting place of said Board in the Board of Commissioners Room in the office
of the City Clerk in said City of Las Vegas. Bidders shall submit a bid specifying (a) the low-
est rate of interest and premium, if any, above par, at which such bidder will purchase said
bonds; or (b) the lowest rate of interest at which the bidder will purchase said bonds at par.

The bonds will be sold to the bidder making the best bid subject to the right of said Board of
Commissioners to reject any and all bids and readvertise. None of said bonds will be sold at
less than par and accrued interest, and no discount or commission will be allowed or paid on the
sale of such bonds.

Date this 8th day of September, 1931.

Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Clark County, Nevada.

By E.W.Cragin

Mayor.

Attest:

Viola Burns

City Clerk.

And that contract be let for the construction of mains and disposal plant as soon as the
money is available.

Vote on said motion was as follows; Commissioners Mundy, Thomas, German, and Hansell,
and His Honor the Mayor E.W.Cragin voting Aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, City OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

SEPT. 4th, 1931.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 4th day of September 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following officers present. Commissioners German, Mundy, Thomas,
and Hansell, Mayor Cragin, City Attorney Stevens and City Clerk Viola Burns.

Reports of Municipal Court Judge and City Clerk approved by the Mayor.

A11 claims allowed as per Claims and Warrant Register on file in the office of the Clerk.

Moneys received for the month of August as follows:

$3,840.50 Municipal Court Fines.

4.141.10 Licenses, fees, and sale of Cemetery Lots.

7,981.60

Moneys proportioned as follows:

$2,331.00 Street Fund

4,500.00	P and F Fund

245.00	Cemetery Fund

174.25	W.S.& L. Fund

731.35 General Fund
$ 7,981. 50 Total

An Ordinance entitled, "An Ordinance to amend sections numbers 2, 8 and 10 of Ordinance No.
111 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled: "An Ordinance prohibiting the manufacture, storage, or
keeping, sale, offering or exposing for sale or barter, or other disposal of intoxicating liquors
in the City of Las Vegas; regulating other matters pertaining thereto; providing a penalty for
the violation of this Ordinance, and repealing all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict
therewith," approved May 5, 1925," was read to the Board for a first time and laid over for a
final reading.