An Ordinance providing the manner of parking vehicles in certain areas of the City
of Las Vegas for a period of sixty days from and after the passage, approval and complete
publication of the Ordinance providing a penalty for the violation of this Ordinance, and
other natters relating thereto, was read to the Board for a first time.

An Ordinance empowering, authorizing and directing the ex-officio Assessor of the City
of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, to levy a special assessment to defray the
coats of making certain improvements in the City of Las Vegas, by constructing, erecting,
and installing an ornamental street lighting system complete, including conduits, cables,
standards, lighting units and all appurtenances thereto on certain streets and portions of
streets in said City, according to plats, diagrams and estimates of cost thereof on file in
the office of the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas; describing definitely the location of
said improvements, stating the amounts of said assessment, and designating the lots, lands and
premises to be assessed according to benefits providing for the payment thereof, and other
matters relating thereto, was read to the Board for a first time.

A letter from Mr. A. E Cahlan of the Las Vegas Review was read to the Board in re-
gards to the condition of the sidewalk in front of the Review Building. The Clerk was directed 
to notify Commissioner O. J. Smith, Street Commissioner to have same placed in repair.

The design, and estimate of a new sewer system as prepared by the Nevada Engineering
and Construction Service Corp. was read to the Board. Also the estimate of King & Malone of
Reno in regards to the same matter.

There being no further business to come before the Board the meeting then adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

AUGUST 1st 1929.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held in the Board Room of
said Board Thurs. August 1st 1929 at the hour of three o'clock P. M.

Present His honor the Mayor J. F. Hesse, Commissioners Smith, German, Thomas together
with the City Attorney and Clerk.

Minutes of meeting of July 23rd read and approved as read.

Bills for the City for the month of July allowed as per Claims and Warrent Register.

Reports of Plumbing Inspector, Chief of Police, Municipal Judge, and City Clerk
presented to the Board, and same were approved.

Upon motion duly made seconded and carried the monies from the above sources were
divided as follows:

$166.75 W.S. and L. Fund

3397.00	General Fund

4000.00	Police and Fire Fund.

$	7563.75 Total for the Month of July.

The Clerk was instructed to write the State Board of Stock Commissioners as to 
arrangement for a milk inspecter for the City.

A Resolution was introduced by Commissioner Smith, and Seconded by Commissioner Thomas
that the City relinquish its right to the section of land held for an airport so that the
Western Air Express might lease same from the Department of the Interior to be used for
and air port.

Vote as follows: Commissioner Smith, Thomas, and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes

None.

The Bond of H. T. Hempstead was presented to the Board for Approval.

Upon Motion of Commissioner Smith Seconded by Commissioner Thomas, and Carried the
bond was accepted. The Mayor and the City Clerk to act for the City.

Vote as follows: Commissioner Thomas, and Smith, and His Honor the Mayor voting
Aye. Noes. None.

Upon motion of Commissioner Smith seconded by Commissioner Thomas, and carried that
the City be released for the bond of Fred B. Blakeley former Plumbing Inspector for the City.

Vote as follows: Commissioners Smith thomas, and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye,

Noes None.

The following resolution was introduced:

Whereas A. P. Slocum, Engineer for the City of Las Vegas, has hereto fore made final
inspection, and approval of the work done by the Roche Axman Company for Street improve-
ments in the City of Las Vegas under contract with the City of Las Vegas bearing date the
13th day of March 1929, and said Engineer has made and filed in writing a final estimate
of the amount of work done thereunder, and his report, and approval of said work, and
Whereas, from said report, and from an independent investigation made on behalf of
the Board of City Commissioners by the street Superintendent, this Board is satisfied
as to the amount of work preformed as to the acceptable fulfillment of said contract,

Now therefore. Be It Resolved that the said work under said contract be, and the
same is hereby accepted, and that final payment in accordance with the said final estimate
be made thirty-five (35) days from the passage, and adoption of this Resolution.

Motion introduced by Commissioner Smith, Seconded by Commissioner Thomas, and carried.
Vote as follows: Commissioners Smith, and Thomas, and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye.
Noes None.