Office of the City Clerk, City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada.

June 22nd, 1934.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 22nd day of June, 1934 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll showed the following present Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Arnett, Marble and German,
City Attorney Henderson and City Clerk Viola Burns.

Absent Commissioner Down.

At this time a number of tavern owners and musicians of the City of Las Vegas appeared
before the Board in regard to hours that music for dancing might be allowed in taverns. After
some discussion on the matter on motion of Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner
Arnett the following Resolution was introduced and passed:

Resolved, that a Resolution heretofore passed by the Board of City Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas at a regular meeting of said Board on the 4th day of May, 1934 be
amended, revised and readopted so that the same may read as follows:

"Resolved," that all taverns in the City of Las Vegas be permitted to have stools
and music in their place of business with the following restrictions:

No music, mechanical or otherwise between the hours of two o'clock A.M. and 9 o'clock
A.M. The same hours applies to all days in the week and month.

No house shall be permitted to have a "Kitty".

Same to be effective June 22nd, 1934.

The balance of said Resolution to read as the original passed on the said 4th day
of May, 1934.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Marble, and German
and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

Mr. Ryan, and Mr. Minter presented to the Board a petition from the property owners
on and near Stewart Street for the improvement of Stewart Street. Said petitions were reported
to be signed by 51% or more of the interested property owners. At direction of Mayor Cragin the
petitions three in number were turned to City Engineer Thompson for checking.

Ed Pizinger and his attorney T.A. Wells appeared before the Board in regard to a bill
due said Ed Pizinger for towing cars off Fremont Street while said streets were being cleaned.
After some discussion on the matter the bill was compromised on for $162.00 in full to date for
towing of said cars.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS
VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JULY 2nd, 1934.

SPECIAL MEETING

Las Vegas, Nevada,

July 2nd, 1934.

To Viola Burns,

City Clerk.

Las Vegas, Nevada.

I hereby call a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, to be held at the Board Room of said Board on Monday the 2nd day of July,
1934 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M. of said day, to consider and act upon gaming and
liquor applications that may be brought before the Board at that time, approval of bills
presented to Board in proper form and to consider the passage of an ordinance governing
the disposal of garbage in the City of Las Vegas.

E.W. Cragin
Mayor.

Las Vegas, Nevada, July 2nd, 1934.

To-

Cragin, Mayor, and to Commissioners W.C. German,

L.L. Arnett, H.P. Marble, and Jas. H. Down.

You and each of you will please take notice, that pursuant to a call this day issued
by the Mayor of the City of Las Vegas a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas will be held at the Board Room of said Board on Monday the 2nd day of
July, 1934, at the hour of seven o'clock P.M. of said day to consider and act upon gaming
and liquor applications that may be brought before the Board at that time, approval of bills