OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MAY 4th, 1932.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 4th day of May, 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present: Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, German,
Thomas and Hansell, City Attorney Stevens and City Clerk Viola Burns.

Reports of City Clerk and Municipal Judge approved by the Mayor.

All claims allowed as per claims and warrant register on file in the Office of the

City Clerk.

Minutes of all previous meetings read and approved as read.

Moneys received for the month of April as follows:

$240.00 Sale of Cemetery Lots

53.50	Plumbing Permits.

3,378.75	Municipal Court Fines.

4,649.75	Licenses and fees.

8,322.00	Total

Moneys proportioned as follows:

240.00	Cemetery Fund

53.50	W.S. & L. Fund

1,000.00 Street Fund

3,028.50	P and F Fund.

4,000.00 General Fund.

8,322.00	Total

The Clerk at this time reported to the Board that in answer to the Wire to the
Nevada Industrial Commission that said Commission would take up fifty more of the One Thousand
Sewerage Bonds.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner German the Clerk was
directed to send fifty bonds to the Nevada Industrial Commission as soon as possible.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Commissioners Mundy, German and
Hansell and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none. Commissioner Thomas having been excused
Before the vote was taken.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that
four slot machine licenses be granted to J.T.Watters. Applications being in proper form and
money to cover same being on file with the Clerk.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German and Hansell and
His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

An ordinance entitled, "An Ordinance creating the office of Fire Marshall, defining
his powers and duties," was read for a second time and passed by the following vote: Commission-
ers, Mundy, German, and Hansell and His Honor the Mayor E.W.Cragin voting Aye. Noes none.

Said Ordinance to be know as Ordinance No. 187 of the City of Las Vegas, and to be
in full force and effect from and after it complete publication for one week, (6 issues) in
the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, a daily newspaper printed and published in the City of
Las Vegas.

On motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved that
the Police and Fire Commissioner purchase a motorcycle to be used by the traffic office in
the City of Las Vegas.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German and Hansell and
His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Nones none.

On motion of Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was moved that
the Water Sewer and Light Commissioner purchase a Ford Coupe for the use of the Plumbing Inspector.

Vote on said Motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German and Hansell and
His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Nones none.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded By Commissioner German it was moved that
the City Street Dept. take out the curb on the west side of Second Street between Fremont
and Ogden Street at the alley return. This to be done so that the egress from the Fire Hall
might be expedited.

Vote on said motion was as follows; Commissioners, Mundy, German and Hansell and
His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting re-
cessed until Monday the 9th day of May at the hour of three o'clock P.M.