OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

OCTOBER 31st, 1932.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 31st day of October 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, Thomas and
Hansell and City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner German.

At this time the Board again considered the granting of permission to property owners
to tie into the sewer mains and use same as laterals. After some discussion on the matter
an ordinance entitled, "An Ordinance establishing regulations for connection with sewer mains
in Sanitary Lateral Sewer District No. 1 in the City of Las Vegas, establishing a sinking fund
and providing for the disposal of such fund, providing a penalty for the violation of this
Ordinance, and repealing pro tanto all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict therewith;

was read for a first time and laid over for a second reading.

On motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Thomas it was moved that
the bid of the Fuller Construction Company in the sum of $77,257,27 of June loth, 1932 be
rejected and that the local representative be notified to that effect. Said bid of the Fuller
Construction Company being one of several received on the above mentioned date, and all bids
being rejected on that date except the bid of the Fuller Construction Co. The reason for the
rejection of the said bid of the Fuller Construction Co. being that the City of Las Vegas is
unable at this time to sell the special assessment bonds necessary for the payment of the
said improvement, owing to the very low condition of the bond market at the present time.

The Clerk be directed to also notify the Union Indemnity Company that it is released from
further surety on the bid bond of the Fuller Construction Company executed on the 29th day of
July, 1932 in the sum of $6,000.00.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, Thomas and Hansell and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then ad-
journed.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

NOVEMBER 4th, 1932.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 4th day of November, 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, W.C. German, Mayor pro tem, Commissioners Mundy
and Hansell, City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Mayor Cragin, Commissioner Thomas.

Commissioner Hansell appointed by Mayor pro tem German to approve the bills of the
Finance Commissioner R.W. Thomas owing to the absence of that Commissioner.

All bills allowed as per claims and warrant register on file in the office of the

City Clerk.

On motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved that
the bill of the Las Vegas Hospital Association be denied in its entirety.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and Hansell and Mayor Pro
tem, German voting aye. Noes none.

L.T. Dawson, manager of the Desert Chevrolet Company appeared before the Board in
regard to the repair bill on the police car damaged by the Fuller Construction Company.

No action was taken at this time.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Tuesday the 8th day of November, 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.