distributed; providing fore permits and licenses; providing penalties for the violation of this
ordinance; and repealing all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict therewith, was read
for a first time and ordered published in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal once a week
for two consecutive weeks.

The vote on the adoption of the Ordinances was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Mundy, Down
and Mayor Pro Tem, German voting aye. noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Mundy, one slot machine license
was grant to A.H. Stevenson, and two slot machine licenses to Dave Stearns, Applications being in
proper form and money to cover the same being on file with the Clerk.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Down, and Mundy and Mayor Pro Tem
German voting aye. Noes none.

A letter from the Mesquite Club asking that one member of the Board of Commissioners be
appointed by the Mayor to work on what is know as the Rose Campaign.

Mr. Jas. H. Down was appointed by the Mayor Pro Tem to act on that Committee.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until Mon.
the 27th day of November, 1933 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

NOVEMBER 27th, 1933.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas Nevada held on the 27th day of November, 1933 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners German, Down, Arnett
and Mundy, City Attorney Henderson and City Clerk.

At this time Mr. W.E. Ferron appeared before the Board of Commissioners in regard to the
matter of improving the park site under the Civil Works Administration. All money used for labor
to be secured from the Government.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner Arnett it was moved and carried
that the Board of City Commissioners approve of the improving of the City Park site with the
aid of the Civil Works Administration.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Arnett and Down and
His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

DECEMBER 4th, 1933.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
held on the 4th day of December, 1933 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, German, and
Arnett and Down and City Attorney and Clerk.

All bills allowed as per claims and warrant register on file in the office of the City Clerk.

Money received for the month of November as follows:

$1,190.00 Municipal Court Fines.

1,284.81 Fees and Misc. Collections

62.50	Sale of Cemetery Lots

17.50	Inst. on Library savings

87.95 Street Insp. and materials sold.

2,642.76