OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS, CLARK
COUNTY, NEVADA.

APRIL 25th, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held on the 25th day of
April 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Hansell, German, Thomas, and Smith together with the
City Attorney and Clerk.

Minutes of meetings of April 10th, 17th, 18th, and 21st read and approved as read.

All correspondence read to the Board and Clerk directed to place sane on file.

A petition from the Veterans of Foreign Wars, and the Central Labor Union asking the
Board to appropriate $75.00 per month to pay part salary and expenses of a Deputy Labor Com-
missioner. The Boards took the matter under advisement.

J. T. Mc Williams, and C.D. Baker of the Board of Examination of Civil Engineers and
Surveyors appeared before the Boards asking that they be allowed to purchase stationary, and
supplies to the amount of $25.00, to be used in connection with the said Board.

On motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Thomas it was moved that the
Board of Examination Civil Engineers and Surveyors be allowed to purchase supplies to the
amount of $25.00, and bills for same be filed with the Clerk.

Vote on said Motion was as follows: Commissioners German, Thomas, Hansell, and Smith,
and His Honor the Mayor Hesse, voting Aye. Nones NONE.

A letter from J. T. Mc Williams asking that the fence be removed from across the Old
California Trial on the Westside of the City, was read to the Board.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting re-
cessed until Tuesday the 29th day of April at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS, NEVADA,
APRIL 29th, 1930. 

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Clark County Nevada, held on the 29th day of April 1930,

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Hansell, and Smith together with the City Attorney
and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners German, and Thomas.

Minutes of the meeting held on the 25th day of April read and approved as read.

The Board then proceeded to make a canvas of the votes cast at the Recall Election

held on the 23rd day of April, 1930 to determine whether or not Mayor J. F. Hesse should be

recalled from office, the result of said canvas being as follows;

There upon motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Smith the following Re-
solution was introduced, and passed:

Where as a canvas of the votes cast at a Recall Election held in said City of Las Vegas
on the 23rd day of April 1930 to determine whether J. F. Hesse, Mayor should be recalled,
has been made on this 29th day of April 1930, where from it appears that 629 votes were cast
in favor of such recall, and that 768 votes were cast against such recall,

NOW THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, that the result of said election was and is hereby declared
to be the defeat of such recall.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Smith, and Hansell voting Aye.

Mayor Hesse not voting. Noes none.

Application for gas Franchise by the Shafer Engineering Company, Inc; of Indianapolis,
Indiana for permit to use the street alleys and public places for the installation and 
maintenance of as gas system in the City of Las Vegas was next Brought before the Board.

The Clerk was directed to write said company, and in form themof the Resolution passed
in regards to the bond of $5,000.00 to be filed at the time of the granting of said permit.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting then
adjourned.