10" diameter - Croissant Street from State Street to Fourteenth or Fifteenth Streets to
connect with the proposed 18" outfall main sewer leading to the sewerage disposal plant.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED BY THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
NEVADA,

(l) That the said general plan and report for such system of main sanitary outfall
sewers and sewerage disposal plant as prepared and recommended by the City's Consulting Eng-
ineer be and the same is hereby adopted and approved:

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas, and Hansell,
and His Honor the Mayor E.W.Cragin voting Aye. Noes none.

Upon motion of Commissioner Hansell, seconded by Commissioner Thomas, the following Pre-
ambles and Resolution were duly adopted:

Whereas, the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, in the County of Clark
State of Nevada, deem it necessary to borrow money on behalf of said City of Las Vegas, a muni-
cipal corporation of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, for the purpose of constructing main
sanitary outfall sewers and a sewerage disposal plant in addition to and also as am extension
of the present sanitary sewer system in said City of Las Vegas, by issuing negotiable coupon
bonds of said City of Las Vegas in the amount of One Hundred Sixty Thousand Dollars ($160,000.00),
NOW THEREFORE, IT IS RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
as follows, to-wit:

1.	That there shall be submitted to the regularly qualified electors of said City of
Las Vegas. at a special election on Wednesday the 12th day of August, A.D. 1951 the following
question, to-wit:

QUESTION SUBMITTED.

"Shall the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, in the County of
Clark State of Nevada, contract a bonded indebtedness in the amount of One Hundred
Sixty Thousand Dollars ($160,000.00) for the purpose of constructing main sanitary
outfall sewers and a sewerage disposal plant in addition to an also as an extension
of the present sanitary sewer system in said City, by issuing negotiable coupon bonds
of said City of Las Vegas therefor: said bonds to bear interest at the rate not to
exceed seven per centum per annum (the rate to be fixed by the bid of the successful
bidder); to bear date the first day of July, 1931; to consist of One Hundred Sixty
	(160) bonds in the denomination of the par value of One Thousand Dollars ($1,000.00)

each; interest payable semi-annually on the 2nd day of January and the first day
of July of each year; said bonds shall mature $8000.00 on the first day of July in
each of the years 1933 to 1952 inclusive."

2.	All persons voting on the question submitted as such election, shall vote on separate
ballots whereon is placed and printed the words "Sewerage Bonds- yes," and "Sewerage Bonds-No,"
in parallel lines one above the other. The voter will scratch out the word "Yes" if opposed

to the bonds and the word "No" if in favor of the issue.

3.	No person shall be allowed to vote at said election unless he resides within the
exterior boundaries of said City of Las Vegas and is qualified to vote at said election and
whose name appears upon the official register of voters in and for said City.

4.	The Polls for the reception of the ballots cast upon said question on the day, time
and place aforesaid, shall be opened and kept open and closed at the same hours as the polls
for general elections. In addition to the provisions of the City Charter relative to special
elections the said election shall in all other respects be conducted and held in accordance
with the provisions of the general election laws of the State of Nevada, so far as the same
may be applicable and not inconsistent with said provisions of said City Charter and Ordin-
ances of said City.

5.	That the City Clerk of said City of Las Vegas shall cause a notice, signed by the
Mayor and attested by such City Clerk, to be published at least once a week for a least three
consecutive weeks in Las Vegas Age, a daily newspaper published in said City of Las Vegas,
calling for said special election by the regularly qualified electors of said City as to
whether such bonds shall issue. Such notice shall state and specify, among other things,
consecutively, the amount of the proposed bond issue, the rate of interest said bonds are to
bear, time and manner of their payment and that they are for the purpose of constructing main
sanitary outfall sewers and a sewerage disposal plant in addition to and also as an extension
of the present sanitary sewer system in said City of Las Vegas, the question submitted,

the hours during the day on which the polls will be open, and the denomination of the bonds.

Said notice shall be in substantially the following form:

PUBLIC NOTICE OF SEWER BOND ELECTION OF THE
CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY,

NEVADA.

Public notice is hereby given according to law and the requisite action of the Board
of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, that
there will be submitted to the regularly qualified electors of said City of Las Vegas at a
special election on Wednesday the 12th day of August, A.D. 1931, the following question for
their vote and determination:

QUESTION SUBMITTED.

"Shall The Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, in the County of
Clark, State of Nevada, contract a bonded indebtedness in the amount of One Hundred
Sixty Thousand Dollars ($160,000.00) for the purpose of constructing main sanitary
outfall sewers and a sewerage disposal plant in addition to an also as an extension
of the present sanitary sewer system in said City, by issuing negotiable coupon bonds
of said City of Las Vegas therefor; said bonds to bear interest at the rate not to
exceed seven per centum per annum ( the rate to be fixed by the bid of the successful
bidder); to bear date the first day of July 1931; to consist of One Hundred Sixty
(160) bonds in the denomination of the par value of One Thousand Dollars ($1,000.00)
each; interest payable semi-annually on the 2nd day of January and the first day of
July each year; said bonds shall mature $8000.00 on the first day of July in each of
the years 1933 to 1952 inclusive?"

All persons voting on the question submitted at such election, shall vote on separate
ballots whereon is placed and printed the words "Sewerage bonds- yes," and "Sewerage bonds- No."
in parallel lines one above the other. The voter will scratch out the word "Yes" if opposed
to the bonds, and the word "No" if in favor of the issue.