recessed until the 21st day of August 1930 at the hour of 3 P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK? CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA
AUGUST 21ST, 1930

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 21st day of August 1930 at the hour of 3 o'clock P. M.

Present: Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Thomas, Hansell, German, Deputy City Attorney
Noland and Deputy City Clerk.

Absent: Commissioner Smith, City Attorney Stevens and City Clerk Viola Burns*

An Ordinance amending Section X of Ordinance No. 137 entitled "An Ordinance creating
the office of City Electrical Inspector, and Prescribing his duties, creating and establish-
ing the Bureau of Electrical Inspection and defining the duties and powers of said Bureau
providing for issuance of permits for installing electrical wiring, apparatus, or
equipment for light, heat, power, within, upon, or attached to bui dings, structures, lots,
or premises, within the City of Las Vegas, and providing a penality for the violations
of this ordinance."

The Board City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section X of the above entitled ordinance No. 137 is hereby amended to read as follows:

Section X. The City Electrical Inspector shall hold office during the pleasure of the
Board of the City Commissioners. He must qualify within ten days from the. time of his
appointment by taking the Constitutional oath of office and filing a bond in the sum of
($1,000.00) One Thousand Dollars with the City Clerk, the same to be approved by the said
Board of City Commissioners, or some officer delegated to approve the same by said Board
of City Commissioners, The City Electrical Inspector shall be entitled to receive and
shall be paid monthly not exceeding ($200.00) Two Hundred Dollars and such amount shall
be full compensation for all services rendered, provided, however, that between the amount
of fees collected hereunder and the sum of (100.00) One Hundred Dollars for each and every
month that the fees so collected do not amount to the sum of ($100.00) One Hundred Dollars;
provided further that the City shall not be liable in any respect for the difference
between the amount of the fees collected and the aforesaid sum of ($200.00) Two Hundred
dollars." This amendment was read to the Board for the first time and laid over for a
second reading.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting
recessed until Tuesday the 26th day of August 1930 at the hour of 3 o'clock P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

AUGUST 26th, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

held on the 26th day of August 1930, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Hansell, German, Thomas, and Smith together with
the City Attorney and Deputy City Clerk.

Absent City Clerk Viola Burns.

Minutes of meetings of August 13th, 15th, 19th and 21st read and approved as read.

	Sam Shaw appeared before the Board asking for permission to erect a 6 ft. exten-
sion on the American Legion Fight Arena. Bldg. Inspector Paul Hosman being out of the City

and nothing in the code covering same the City Attorney and Mayor were to give him a report

on their decision later.