94-120-124-125-127- 141 and 143 of the City of Las Vegas, and all ordinances and parts of Or-
dinances in conflict herewith." Approved July 6, 1931;

Was read for a first and second time and unanimously adopted by the following vote: Commission-
ers Arnett, Mundy and German and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

The above mentioned ordinance is to be known as Ordinance No. 199 of the City of Las Vegas,
and is passed as an emergency Ordinance and to be in full force and effect from and afters its
final and complete publication in the Las Vegas Age, for two weeks (2 issues) in said newspaper.

"An Ordinance regulating the sale of Milk, Cream and other Dairy products in the City of Las
Vegas; defining standards for milk and cream: providing for the issuance of permits for the sale
of Milk and Cream and the revocation of such permits; authorizing the City Commissioners to pro-
mulgate rules and regulations for the enforcement of this Ordinance; providing a penalty for the
violation thereof; and repealing all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict" was read for a
first time and ordered published in the Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal for two weeks, (2 issues)
of said paper and to be read for a second and final reading at the next regular meeting of the
Board of Commissioners.

The City Clerk was directed to write the County Clerk of Clark County and ascertain a con-
venient hour for a meeting with the Board of County Commissioners of Clark County to decide upon
a satisfactory method for the collection of the liquor excise tax as is placed by the two Boards.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until Fri-
day the 30th day of June, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JUNE 30th 1933.



Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City 
of Las Vegas, held on the 30th day of June 1933 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, German,
Arrnett and Down, City Attorney and City Clerk.

At this time the Board of Commissioners met with the Board of Commissioners of Clark
County in regard to the collection of the beer excise tax as same is set forth in both the City
and County Ordinances. After some discussion on the matter a definite decision was reached, and
the following method of collecting the tax was decided upon;

That the City of Las Vegas be entitled to all the excise tax on the sales made for
consumption in the City of Las Vegas. That Clark County be entitled to the tax on all sales made
for consumption outside the City limits of the City of Las Vegas, but that a City Police officer
collect said tax for both the City and the county and that for this trouble the County of Clark
would pay the City of Las Vegas 10% of the collections made out side the incorporate limits of the
City of Las Vegas.

The application of the Mission Cigar Store for permit to retail beer at 131 Fremont
was presented to the Board for Consideration.

On motion of Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Down a retail beer license
was granted to the Mission Cigar store for one year.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Arrnett and Down
and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by commissioner German all gaming appli-
cations brought before the Board for consideration were granted except one for "Tango" at the
Rainbow Club 129 So. 1st St. All applications being in proper form and money to cover same be-
ing on file with the City Clerk

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Arnett and
Down and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting 

then adjourned.