The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, Hansell and German
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none."

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners German, Thomas, Hansell and His
Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner W. C. German seconded by Commissioner R. W. Thomas the
following Preambles and Resolution were duly adopted:

Whereas six gaming licenses under Ordinance No. 165 of this City (exclusive of lic-
enses solely for slot machines) have already been issued in the City of Las Vegas, or a
provision for about one licensed gaming house (exclusive of places where slot machines only
are operated) to every one thousand five hundred (1500) of our population.

Now Therefore Be It Resolved by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
that it is the sense of this Board that public interest requires that no further gaming
licenses (other than licenses solely for the operation of slot machines and for additional
games, st the location for which license is already granted, under provisions of Section
9 of said Ordinance No. 165 ) An Ordinance to prohibit gaming and operation of slot machines
in the City of Las Vegas, without first obtaining a license therefor, regulating the same
fixing the amount of such license, providing a penalty therefor, repealing ordinances Nos.
77, 82, 88, 103 and 115, and all Ordinances and parts of Ordinances in conflict therewith."
be granted in this city in the excess of the number already granted, until the further
order of this Board and until the further or other gaming licenses (other than licenses
solely for the operation of slot machines) are reasonably necessary for the accomodation
of the public and the granting of such further or other licenses will not contravene public
interest and will not require an excessive amount of police protection for a city of the
size of Las Vegas, Nevada, having in mind the funds provided for police protection under
the City's 1931 and 1932 Budgets heretofore adopted and the state of the city funds ap-
plicable to police protection.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners German, Thomas, and Hansell and
His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Upon motion of Commissioners Hansell seconded by Commissioners German the follow-
ing Resolution was duly adopted:

RESOLVED, that the application of J.R. Boyer for gaming licenses to be operated
under at No. 217 North First Street in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of
Nevada, be and the same is hereby denied for the reason that under Ordinance No. 165 of
said City six gaming licenses (exclusive of licenses issued solely for the operation of
slot machines) have already been issued in the City, some of which are near said location
and upon careful consideration of the question, we believe that public interest requires
that no additional licenses (other than licenses solely for the operation of slot machines
and for additional games, at the location for which license is already granted, under the
provisions of section 9 of said Ordinance No. 165)

Sec. 9. Any licensee holding a valid existing license from the City of Las Vegas
and from the County of Clark, State of Nevada, for a current quarter may, during such cur-
rent quarter secure a license for additional slot machines, games and devices as the case
may be, over and above the particular number of slot machines, games or devices for which
he, they or it holds a license, for the remainder of the quarter by paying to the City
Clerk the license fee above provided, for the additional particular slot machine, game or
device, as the case may be, and for which the City Clerk shall issue an additional license
for the remainder of the quarter, and the additional license shall be upon the same terms
and conditions as though issued under the provisions of Section 8 of this Ordinance) be
granted in this city in excess of the number already granted, until the further order of
this board and until further or other gaming licenses (other than licenses solely for the
operation of slot machines) are reasonably necessary for the accomodation of the public
and the granting of such further and other licenses will not contravene public interest and
will not require an excessive amount of police protection for a city of the size of Las
Vegas, Nevada, having in mind the funds provided for police protection under the City's
1931 and 1932 Budgets heretofore adopted and the state of the city funds applicable to
police protection.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners German, Hansell and
Thomas and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Upon motion of Commissioners Hansell seconded by Commissioner German, the
following Resolution was duly adopted:

RESOLVED, that the application of Louie Hodges and Levi Irwin for gaming
licenses to be operated under at 231 North Second Street, in the City of Las Vegas,

County of Clark, State of Nevada, be and the same is hereby denied for the reason that
under Ordinance No. 165 of said City six gaming licenses (exclusive of licenses issued
solely for the operation of slot machines) have already been issued in this City, some
of which are near said location, and, upon careful consideration of the question, we
believe that public interest requires that no additional licenses (other than licenses
solely for the operation of slot machines and for additional games, at the location for
which license is already granted, under the provisions of section 9 of said Ordinance
No. 165 'Any licensee holding a valid license from the City of Las Vegas, and from the
County of Clark, state of Nevada, for a current quarter may, during such current quarter
secure a license for additional slot machines, games or devices, as the case may be,
over and above the particular number of slot machines, games or devices for which he
they or it holds a license, for the remainder of the quarter by paying to the City Clerk
the license fee above provided, for the additional particular slot machine, game or
device as the ease may be, for which the City Clerk shall issue an additional license
for the remainder of such quarter, and the additional license shall be upon the same
terms and conditions as though issued under the provisions of Section 8 of this Ordinance,'
be granted in this city in excess of the number already granted, until the further order
of this Board and until further or other gaming licenses (other than licenses solely
for the operation of slot machines) are reasonably necessary for the accomodation of the
public and the granting of such further or other licenses will not contravene public
interest and will not require an excessive amount of police protection for a city the
size of Las Vegas, Nevada, having in mind the funds provided for police protection under
the City's 1931 and 1932 Budgets heretofore adopted and the state of the City funds ap-
plicable to police protection.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners German, Hansell, and
Thomas and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.