" An Ordinance to amend section II, Section III, as amended, and Section V, as amended, of
Ordinance No. 168, entitled, "An ordinance of the Commission of the City of Las Vegas, establish-
ing a residence district, industrial and commercial districts within the City of Las Vegas;
defining such districts; declaring it unlawful to erect, establish, maintain, or operate certain
factories, works or establishments within said residence districts and said commercial dis-
tricts; regulating the erection, establishment, maintenance, operation and rebuilding of certain
works or establishments in said districts; providing penalties for the violation of said or-
dinance,	and repealing ordinances in conflict herewith," was	read	for	a first	and second time

and passed as and emergency	ordinance upon the second reading	upon	the	following vote: 

Commissioners Arnett, Marble, and Down and His Honor the Mayor Cragin voting aye. Noes none.

The City Clerk was directed to have said Ordinance No. 214 published in the Las Vegas
Age, a daily newspaper printed and published in the City of Las Vegas for two weeks, that is to
say April	19th and 26th and	said ordinance would be effective	May 4th,	1935.

No	further business appearing before the Board at this	time	the	meeting	recessed until

Friday the 3rd day of May, 1935 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MAY 3rd, 1935.

 Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 3rd day of May, 1935 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Arnett, Marble, and
Down City Attorney and Deputy City Clerk.

Absent Commissioner German, and City Clerk. (Temporary leave for the voting of absent
voters).

All claims allowed as per claims and warrant register on file in the office of the Clerk.
No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MAY 4th, 1935.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 4th day of May, 1935 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the follow ng present Mayor Cragin, Commissioners German, Marble,
and Down, City Attorney Henderson and City Clerk Viola Burns.

Absent Commissioner Arnett.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner German it was moved and carried
that the following gaming and slot machine licenses be granted:

Avalon Novelty Company 2 Exhibit Digger Machines
E.P. Bihlmaier	1 Slot Machine

L.L. Arnett	2	"	"

Las Vegas Sweet Shoppe	4	"	"

Silver Club one each Roulette, Craps and and Twenty-one.

Applications all being in proper form and money on file with the Clerk to cover the same.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Marble, German and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes none.

At this time the Board took under consideration the purchasing of one thousand feet of
fire hose. Bids having been issued by the Clerk under the direction of Fire Chief Case. A number
of bids having been received the Clerk was directed to open same by the Mayor.	

After due consideration on all bids presented to the Board on motion of Commissioner German
Seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried that the City purchase one thousand feet of
fire hose from the Eureka Fire Hose Mfg. Co. Price for same being $1.30 per foot. Delivery of
same to be in thirty days. That the Mayor and the Clerk enter into a contract with said company
for the delivery of said hose and that cash be paid for the same upon delivery.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Marble, German and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes none.