OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

NOVEMBER 15th, 1934.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 15th day of November 1934 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll called showed the following present Mayor Cragin Commissioners Marble, German, Down
and Arnett, City attorney and City Clerk.

At this time a number of interested Tavern owners and family liquor store operators appeared
before the Board in regard to a change in the rate of license fees for family liquor stores.

Mr. A.W. Ham, Attorney for the tavern owners appeared for that body and urged a higher lic-
ense fee for family liquor stores, and Mrs. Rapoport, Mr. Rose and and Mr. Markisch spoke in favor
of the present license fee for said stores. No action was taken on the matter at this time.

The beauty parlor operators filed with the City Clerk a petition asking for an ordinance to
set the hours beauty parlors may be open in said City which the Clerk presented to the Board.

Said petition was handed to City Attorney Henderson for investigation as to the passage of such
and ordinance.

A petition signed by a number of meat salesmen and stores asking the City to pass an ordin-
ance governing the price for which meat might be sold in the City of Las Vegas was presented to
the Board at this time, same was given to City Attorney Henderson for answering.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Arnett it was moved and carried tat
that the following slot machine licenses be granted:

State Cafe	2	Outpost Trading	Co.	1

Sweet Shoppe	1	W.J. Lincoln	1

L.L. Arnett	3	City Drug Store	3

Applications being in proper form and money on file with the Clerk to cover same.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German and Down and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioners Marble seconded by Commissioner German it was moved and carried
that a beverage license 5½% be granted to each The Gordon Holding Co; and Lafe Norwood. Applications
being in proper form and money on file with the Clerk to cover the same.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Arnett, German, Marble and Down and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that the application for license of Dominic Curto for a beverage license (5½%) at 206 Wilson Ave;
Westside be denied on the grounds that the location was in too close proximity to residences,
and said citizens in said locality protesting the granting of such license.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Arnett, German, Marble and Down and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Arnett it was moved and carried
that the application of Leona Mason for a "family liquor store" license for 227 North Third St.
be denied on the grounds of the nearness of said building to the Federal Building and the many
residences in said vicinity.

Vote on said motion was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, German, Marble and Down and
His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Arnett it was moved and carried
that the liquor license issued to the Las Vegas Liquor Distributors Inc. be transferred from 508
South Main St. to 830 South Main St;

Vote on said motion was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, German, Marble and Down and
his Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

"An Ordinance to prohibit the drinking of intoxicating liquors in any public place or in
vehicles in any public place in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, and providing a punishment there-
for," was read for a first time and directed published in the Las Vegas Review-Journal for a
period of two weeks, that is to say once each week for two consecutive weeks. Said Ordinance
to be known as Ordinance No. 212 of the City of Las Vegas, and adopted by the following vote:
Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

"An Ordinance forbidding solicitors, peddlers, hawkers, itinerant merchants and trans-
ient vendors of merchandise from trespassing in and upon private residences when uninvited to
to do by the owners and occupants of said private residences, in soliciting and attempting
to solicit orders, or in selling and exposing for sale wares and merchandise, and declaring such
soliciting to be a nuisance, and fixing the penalty for committing such nuisances," was
read for a first time and adopted by the following vote, Commissioners Arnett, German, Marble
and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

The Clerk as directed to have said ordinance published in the Las Vegas Review Journal
for a period of two weeks, that is to said once each week for two consecutive weeks.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Wednesday the 28th day of November, 1934 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.