LIQUOR APPLICATIONS Commissioner Whipple moved the following applications for liquor licenses be denied:

New

ACME LIQUOR	Robert C. Brodine, Jr.            1207 South Main        Sealed Package Mina.

	DIO'S STANDARD MARKET Frank Dio Dato	602 South 5th             Retail Liquor

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioners Peccole and Moore
passed their votes.

Change of Owner	Commissioner Whipple moved the application of C. F. Shaw for a tavern license at the New

Yorker Bar, 115 South 1st be denied by virtue of the fact that Mr. Raymond Salmon holds

	the license for the New Yorker and he has not requested a transfer of the said license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Bunker passed
his vote.

SHAMROCK HOTEL INC.	Commissioner Moore moved the Shamrock Hotel, Inc. application for 1 "21", 1 Crap and 1

Gaming License	Roulette game be approved, subject to a favorable public hearing set not later than

	sixteen days from date.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Moore, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioners Bunker and Whipple
passed their vote.

LETTER FROM THE LAS VEGAS His Honor read a letter from the Las Vegas City Employees Protective and Benefit Assoc-

CITY EMPLOYEES PROTECTIVE iation under date of November 28, 1950. This letter was ordered filed until such time
AND BENEFIT ASSOCIATION as appropriate legislation is introduced in the State Legislature for civil service of

	    city employees.

ASSESSMENT ROLL #12-1950 Commissioner Moore introduced and moved the adoption of the following resolution:
Assessment District

No. 100-2	RESOLUTION

	WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners did on the 22nd day of November, 1950 pass

  Ordinance No. 440 authorizing the Ex-officio City Assessor of the City of Las Vegas to
prepare an Assessment Roll on Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-2, and

WHEREAS, on the 24th day of November, 1950 the Ex-officio City Assessor did cer-
tify and report to the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas an Assessment
Roll for the aforementioned district, and

WHEREAS, the said Assessment Roll has been filed in the office of the City Clerk
and numbered, and

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners has determined that a public hearing shall
be had on said Assessment Roll on the 20th day of December, 1950

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas at a regular meeting thereof held on the 29th day of November, 1950 that a pub-
lic hearing on the aforementioned Assessment Roll be had on Wednesday, the 20th day
of December, 1950 at 3:30 o'clock P.M. in the Council Chambers at the City Hall, at
which time the said Board of Commissioners and Ex-officio City Assessor will meet to
hear and consider objections to said special assessment roll and to review said
assessment. 

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk be and she is hereby directed to pub-
lish notice of the aforementioned hearing in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a newspaper
in the City of Las Vegas for at least two weeks, being fourteen insertions.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ASSESSMENT ROLL #13-1950 Commissioner Moore introduced and moved the adoption of the following resolution:
Assessment District

No. 100-3	R  E  SOLUTI O N



	WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners did on the 22nd day of November, 1950 pass

	Ordinance No. 441 authorizing the Ex-officio City Assessor of the City of Las Vegas to

	prepare an Assessment Roll on Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-3, and

WHEREAS, on the 24th day of November, 1950 the Ex-officio City Assessor did certify
and report to the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas an Assessment Roll for
the aforementioned district, and

WHEREAS, the said Assessment Roll has been filed in the office of the City Clerk
and numbered, and

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners has determined that a public hearing shall be
had on said Assessment Roll on the 20th day of December, 1950.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas at a regular meeting thereof held on the 29th day of November, 1950 that a public
hearing on the aforementioned Assessment Roll be had on Wednesday, the 20th day of Dec-
ember, 1950 at 3:30 o'clock P.M. in the Council Chambers at the City Hall, at which time
the said Board of Commissioners and Ex-officio City Assessor will meet to hear and con-
sider objections to said special assessment roll and to review said assessment.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk be and she is hereby directed to publish
notice of the aforementioned hearing in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a newspaper in the
City of Las Vegas for at least two weeks, being fourteen insertions.