Also present, the following members of the advisory Water Committee, Mrs. J. R. Habbart,

Mr. Otto Underhill, Mr. Jack Hassett and Mr. Harry Miller.

WATER RESTRICTIONS -   The Board requested a report from the recently appointed Water Committee. Mr. Harry
Report of Committee               Miller, spokesman for the group, briefly outlined the recommendations of the Committee
by stating that they felt the City of Las Vegas should lift the present watering hours
	restrictions and put it up to the public to voluntarily conserve water. The Committee

also recommended that the Public Service Commission be requested to investigate the
matter so that there can be something done in the event there is not sufficient water
	for this vicinity next year.

The Board of Commissioners agreed to be bound by the recommendations of the Water Committee.

Commissioner Bunker moved the City Manager be instructed to notify the Public Service
Commission that the Board of Commissioners would like to have a representative of the
Public Service Commission in Las Vegas as soon as possible to check the water supply.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner

Moore.

PROPOSED IMPROVEMENT Commissioner Peccole moved the Clark County Commissioners now in session as the Clark

DISTRICT - Sewer	County Board of Equalization be notified that the City of Las Vegas is interested in going 

Prudential Homes	ahead with the sewer improvement district proposed by Prudential Homes, providing the

	assessed valuation in this district will be high enough to carry its own weight.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner

Moore.

CLAIM - Loss of Dog	Commissioner Bunker moved the claim of Rosario Acurio, pursuant to his notification

Rosario Acurio	dated July 18, 1950, for the loss of his dog be approved in the amount of S25.00.

		Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

	Bunker, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent; Commissioner;

Moore.

CONGRESSIONAL	Commissioner Peccole moved the City Attorney be authorized to prepare a letter to be

REPRESENTATIVES		sent to the Nevada Congressmen encouraging them in their fight against Communism and

their actions to remove Communistic workers from the United States Government.

	Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner

Moore.

SERVICE & MATERIAL	Commissioner Bunker moved the claim of Willis Travel Agency for one round trip ticket

WARRANT	from Las Vegas to Washington D. C. for Commissioner Peccole be approved in the amount

	of $256.60, the Comptroller authorized to draw a warrant for this amount and the Mayor

	and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Peccole passed his
vote. Absent: Commissioner Moore.

There being no further business to come before this special meeting, Commissioner
	Bunker moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner

Moore.

Las Vegas, Nevada

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING	July 31, 1950

TO:	SHIRLEY BALLINGER, City Clerk

Las Vegas, Nevada

A Special Meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas is hereby
called to be held in the Council Chambers at the City Hall, on the 31st day of July,

1950, at the hour of 10:00 A.M. to consider the following matters:

1. Water Supply in the City of Las Vegas.

s/ E. W. Cragin_________________________

Mayor

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO: E. W. CRAGIN, Mayor and to WENDELL BUNKER, R. T. MOORE, WILLIAM PECCOLE, REED
WHIPPLE, Commissioners, and C. W. SHELLEY, City Manager and HOWARD W. CANNON,

City Attorney of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada

You and each of you will please take notice that pursuant to a call this day issued
by Mayor Cragin, a Special Meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,