Las Vegas, Nevada
September 22, 1950

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held this 22nd day of
September, 1950 was called to order by His Honor Mayor E.W. Cragin at
the hour of 3:30 P.M. with the following members present: Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple; City Manager C.W. Shelley and City
Clerk Shirley Ballinger. Absent: City Attorney Howard W. Cannon.

At this time Mr. A.C. Grant, representing the State Planning Board appeared
before the Board requesting a location in the City Park for the proposed
State Building. Governor Vail Pittman also spoke to the Board, re-
questing their favorable consideration.

His Honor stated that the Board would like time to consider this matter
more thoroughly before making a decision.

Commissioner Whipple moved Payroll Warrants Nos. 1150 to 1152 inclusive in
the net sum of $25,350.03 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk
authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye:
noes, none.

This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the proposed
rezoning of the NE¼ of the SW¼ of Section 3 T. 21 S., R 61 E., MDB&M from
R-l to R-4, His Honor read the following Notice of this hearing, same
having been published on August 30 and September 6, 1950:

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas is
in receipt of a letter from the Regional Planning Commission recommending an amendment
to the Land Use Plan by rezoning the following described property from R-l (single
family residence) to R-4 (apartment residence), to-wit:

Portion of the Northeast Quarter (NE¼) of the
Southwest Quarter (SW¼) of Section 3, Township
21 South, Range 61 East, M.D.B&M.

That the Board of Commissioners of said City will hold a public hearing on the
rezoning of said property at a meeting to be held on the 22nd day of September, 1950,
at 3:00 P.M. of that date, in the Council Chambers in the City Hall, on Stewart
A venue at the comer of North Fifth Street, in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, and
after such public hearing at such meeting, will consider for adoption the above
mentioned change as adopted by the Regional Planning Commission.

Thereafter His Honor asked if there were any persons present who wished to
object to this proposed rezoning. There were none.

Commissioner Moore moved that pursuant to the recommendation of the
Regional Planning Commission dated August 15, 1950, the above des-
cribed property be rezoned from R-l to R-4.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting
aye; noes, none.

Mr. George Rudiak, representing the owners of Government Lot 2, Section 2,

T 21 S., R 61 E., MDB&M was present at this time and requested the Board
to make their decision on the proposed rezoning of this property.

His Honor stated that no decision would be rendered until the interested
parties had been notified and given an opportunity to be present.

The meeting recessed at the hour of 3:45 P.M. for thirty minutes.

This meeting reconvened at the hour of 4:25 P.M. with all members present
as of the opening session.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Service & Material Warrants Nos. 2002 and
2003 in the total amount of $10,356.71 be approved and the Mayor and City
Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the City Manager be instructed to purchase a new
1000 GPM Seagrave Fire Truck in the total amount of $17,821.80.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting
aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the Minutes of September 7 and 19, 1950 be
approved by reference and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign
same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

PROPOSED STATE BUILDING
Request for City
Property



PAYROLL WARRANTS



AMENDMENT TO LAND USE
PLAN - Public Hearing
NE¼ of SW¼ Section 3
T 21 S.

PROPOSED REZONING -
Govt Lot 2, Section 3
T 21 S

RECESS

RECONVENED

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS



NEW FIRE TRUCK -
To be Purchased

MINUTES