There being no further business to come before the meeting at this time,

Commissioner Bunker moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried try the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent: Commissioner Moore.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:



 Las Vegas, Nevada
                  March 14, 1951

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held
this 14th day of March, 1951 was called to order at the hour of 3:45 P.M. by
His Honor Mayor E. W. Gragin with the following members present: Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple, City Manager C. W. Shelley, City Attorney
Howard W. Cannon and City Clerk Shirley Ballinger.

WATER LEAK	Commissioner Bunker moved the City Manager be directed to contact the

Las Vegas Land and Water Company by letter and request them to repair a
	leak in the water main in front of 610 North 10th Street.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

MINUTES	Commissioner Moore moved the minutes of March 9, 1951 be approved by reference

and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.



Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;

       noes, none.

SERVICE & MATERIAL     Commissioner Moore moved Service and Material Warrants Nos. 2071 and 2072 in

the total amount of $8,780.02 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized
	to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

PROPOSED ORDINANCES Commissioners Bunker and Peccole, committee for report on the proposed ordinances
on Race Horse Book and Race Horse Wire Service asked for additional time before
reporting.

RESOLUTION - R/W. DEED On Motion of Commissioner Moore, duly seconded by Commissioner Bunker,

Assessment District                 and carried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted, and order
No. 100-4	  made;

	RE S O L U T I ON

BE IT RESOLVED, this 14th day of March, 1951, by the Board of Commissioners
           of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated
               the 8th day of March, 1951, executed by Stanley L. and Nola Hardy to the City

of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described
therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intention^ as therein
set forth; and,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to
said deed, and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder, County of Clark
State of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at this time,

Commissioner Moore moved the meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:



    City Clerk 	 Mayor