Commissioner Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Peccole moved the application of Phil Cummings, Phil Cummings
Enterprises, 406 Fremont to conduct an auction August 12, 1950 be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Archie Mellot, Charleston Inn,

17 W. Charleston for a Retail Restaurant Beverage license and Frank Dio Dato,

Standard Market, 602 South 5th Street for a Retail Beverage license for the
third quarter of 1950 be approved subject to investigation by the Police
Department and the filing of letters from former applicants for these licenses
with the City Clerk.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the following applications for renewal of gaming
licenses for the third quarter of 1950 be approved:

H&B ALL NITE MARKET. 1619 Fremont St, D. M. Hoopes & L. L. Brown 2 slots
BONANZA LIQUOR STORE       418 Bonanza Bfljr Raymond Salmon	3 slots

NEW YORKER,                            115 South 1st Street, Raymond Salmon	1 slot

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the following applications for additional
gaming license for the third quarter of 1950 be approved:

GOLDEN NUGGET, INC	1 slot

SAL SAGEN HOTEL		1 slot

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the following applications for gaming license
for the third quarter of 1950, being changes of operator, be approved;

SECOND ST. LUNCH	2 slots

SIGNAL SERVICE STATION	             1 slot

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vot e:
Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the petition filed with the City Clerk on
August 7, 1950 requesting an amendment to the Land Use Plan changing
the zone from R-l to R-4 of property lying between Mesquite Street and
Bonanza Road, and between Second Street and the easterly line of those
lots facing on North Main Street and the easterly line of Biltmore
Addition, be referred to the Regional Planning Commission for recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following Vote:

Commissioner Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at this time
Commissioner Whipple moved this meeting adjourn until August 22, 1950 at
3:00 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

  TO: SHIRLEY BALLINGER, City Clerk
Las Vegas, Nevada

A Special Meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas is
hereby called to be held in the Council Chambers at the City Hall, on the 10th
day of August 1950 at the hour of 3:00 P.M. to consider the following matters:

1. Opening of bids on the sale of Bonds for following Assessment Districts:
a)	Special	Assessment	District	#100-3

b)	Special	Assessment	District	#100-7

c)	Special	Assessment	District	#200-1

d)	Special	Assessment	District	#200-2

AUCTION - Application

LIQUOR APPLICATIONS
Change of Owners



GAMING APPLICATIONS
Renewals

Additionals



Change of Operators

PETITION - Zone Change