Additional	Commissioner Whipple moved the following applications for additional

games for the fourth quarter of 1951 be approved:

SANTA ANITA TURF & BAR	Dave Steams	113 Fremont	9 slots

EL MORROCCO CLUB	Oscar L. Crozier	1332 North E	1 Bingo 

1 Race Horse
Keno

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none,

GAMING APPLICATIONS	Commissioner Whipple moved the application of A. W. Ham dba California

changes	Club, 101 Fremont, formerly known as the Fremont Arcade for gaming license

California Club	for the fourth quarter of 1951 for 48 slot machines and one Big 6 Wheel,

be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of A. W. Ham dba California
Club, 101-121 South 1st Street, formerly known as the Ace Bar for gam-
ing license for 8 slot machines for the fourth quarter of 1951 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the following applications for gaming license
for the fourth quarter of 1951 be approved:

REDDY TEDDY (Formerly Love Cafe)	So. Nevada Vending	1 slot

420 North 5th

NEGER'S MOBIL SERVICE (Formerly Kost's      Cardinal & Sullican	1 slot

Main & Stewart Mobil Service)

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

GAMING APPLICATIONS	Commissioner Whipple moved the following applications for additional

3rd Quarter	gaming licenses for the third quarter of 1951 be approved:

Additional

	SANTA ANITA TURF & BAR	Dave Stearns	113 Fremont	1 "21" game

WRIGHT MARINELLO	So. Nevada Vending	318 Fremont	1 slot

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

LIQUOR APPLICATIONS	Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Harriet Cicchetti, Filipo's,

New	614 South 5th Street for a Restaurant Beverage license for the fourth quarter

Filipo's	of 1951 be granted subject to a favorable investigation by the Police .

Department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting ayej nay,

Commissioner Jarrett.

Footprinters	Commissioner Jarrett moved the application of the International Footprinters

Association, Chapter No. 9, for a Retail Club Liquor license for the
fourth quarter of 1951, to be located at the Helldorado Village, be approved
with the condition that liquor is to be served or sold to members and their
guests only.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

LIQUOR APPLICATIONS	At this time the application of Vivian Swick and Wilbert Roesselet, dba

Changes	Johnny's, 1412 South 5th Street for a Tavern Liquor license for the fourth

Johnny's	quarter of 1951 requesting the transfer of the liquor license formerly

issued to Vivan Swick, the Tavern, 123 South 2nd Street,was presented to
	the Board for their consideration.



Commissioner Whipple moved that action on this application be held in
abeyance until a more suitable location is submitted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

The 49er Club	The application of J. S. Pappas and Albert Jensen, 49er Club, 109

Fremont Street for a Tavern liquor license for the fourth quarter of
	1951 was presented to the Board at this time for their consideration.