ASSESSMENT DISTRICT	Commissioner Peccole moved the Contractors for improvements in

CONTRACTORS	Assessment Districts No. 100-3, 100-4, 200-1 and 200-3 be notified to

	commence work immediately.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
Noes, none.

Commissioner Moore moved the City Manager be authorized to negotiate with
PURCHASE OF WATER	the Union Pacific Railroad Company for the purchase of the Water Company.

COMPANY	This motion died for lack of a second.

SEWAGE DISPOSAL PLANT	Mayor Cragin notified the Board that Wright Felt, Division Engineer for

	the Bureau of Community Facilities had contacted him requesting information

as to when the City is going to pay the $29,000 balance due on the
sewage disposal plant.

FINAL PAYMENT	Commissioner Peccole moved the final payment in the total amount of

Assessment District	$2,527.38 to Wells Cargo Inc. on Assessment District No. 200-2 be

approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign the warrant
	when prepared.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the meeting, Commissioner
Bunker moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

ATTEST:	APPROVED



March 7, 1951

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, was held on Wednesday, the 7th day of March, 1951,
at the hour of 3:30 o'clock, P.M., at the City Hall, being the regular
meeting place of said Board, at which meeting there were present and
answering the roll call, the following:

Mayor E0 W. Cragin
Commissioner Wendell Bunker
Commissioner Robert T. Moore
Commissioner William Peccole
Commissioner Reed Whipple

Absent: None

constituting all the members of said Board. There were also present
the following:

City Manager: C.W. Shelley
City Attorney: Howard W. Cannon
City Clerk: Shirley Ballinger, and
City Engineer: W. C. Anderson

Thereupon, the following proceedings, among others, were duly had and 
taken.

PAYROLL WARRANTS	Commissioner Whipple moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 1185 to 1187

inclusive in the net amount of $25,527.01 be approved and the Mayor
and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor
voting aye; noes, none.

BIDS FOR CITY PROPERTY             This being the time heretofore set for the opening of bids for the purchase
	of City property located on the Los Angeles Highway, bids were

	received from the following.

L. E. Harry
Commercial Realty Co.

Ogden, Utah	$70,100.00

Sun Valley Trailer Park, Inc               $80,666.00

Commissioner Moore moved these bids be referred to the City Attorney, and
held in abeyance until March 14, 1951.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following votes
Commissioners Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Commissioner Bunker disqualified himself by reason of the fact that he is
associated with Campbell Realty Co. who are agents for the Sun Valley
Trailer Park Inc.