missioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes,
none. Absent: Mayor Baker.

Members of the Board of Directors of the Golf Association were present at this time. Dr.
C.W. Woodbury, spokesman for the group requested that an additional nine holes be put in.
Discussion was held and thereafter Commissioners Bunker, Peccole and City Manager C.W.
Shelley were appointed as a committee to meet with the Golf Association and report back to
the Board.

Mr. Dave Zenoff, representing Mr. George Harris of the Hock Shop, appeared before the
Board to request that Mr. Harris name be removed from the license and that Mrs. Virginia
Harris be the sole licensee.

Commissioner Peccole moved that the name of George Harris be withdrawn from the license of
the Hock Shop upon receipt of a letter requesting this action, and the license issued in
the name of Virginia Harris.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent: Mayor Baker.

Mrs. Virginia Bennett of the Clark County Humane Society was present requesting a lease of
the land on which the Animal Shelter is located.

Commissioner Bunker moved this matter be referred to the City Attorney for recommendation
at the next meeting.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent: Mayor Baker.

Mr. Max Chasson of the Southern Nevada Disposal Service was present to request a raise
in garbage rates and to ask the City to do something about the deplorable condition of
the alleys.

A meeting for April 23, 1952 at 7:30 P.M. was arranged to discuss this matter.

The opinion of the City Attorney on the request of the Review Journal to place news stands
by Woolworths and the National Dollar Store was read to the Board.

Commissioner Jarrett moved that based on the opinion of the City Attorney the request of
the Review Journal for these two news stands be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.
Absent: Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Peccole moved the City Attorney and Chief of Police be allowed to attend the
meeting of the Nevada Tax Commission on April 24, 1952 with expenses paid by the City.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.
Absent: Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Peccole moved that the services of Pershing, Bosworth, Dick and Dawson be
restricted to opinion an legal matters and the City Attorney's office do the necessary
work for setting up the proceedings.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent: Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Peccole moved the request of C.R. Millhizer for refund of $50.00 on slot
machines at the Silver Spur Cafe, 222 Fremont, said cafe being out of business since
March 29, 1952 and the request of Paul Damico for refund of $180 on the slot machines at
the Desert Drive Inn, 2110 South 5th, said cafe being out of business since March 30, 1952
be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett, and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.
Absent: Mayor Baker.

The recommendation of the Civil Service Board on the Anniversary date of employees was read
to the Board at this time.

Commissioner Peccole moved the recommendation be accepted and proper ordinance drawn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent: Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Peccole moved the request of Charles Mirabelli for a loading zone at the Valet
Cleaners, 121 North 2nd be referred to the City Manager as well as other unauthorized load-
ing zones.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioner

Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent: Mayor Baker.

The letter from the Westerner Club, 23 Fremont Street regarding the addition of the fol-
lowing partners, was read to the Board.

Louis Travostino	Nelson	Mitchell

Joe E. Hart	Ron W.	Pepple

Harold Pepple	Walter	H. Bell

Andrew Fava

Commissioner Bunker moved this request be approved subject to investigation by the Police

GOLF COURSE EXPANSION
PAWNSHOP - Hock Shop

DOG POUND LEASE

GARBAGE
NEWS STANDS

NEVADA TAX COMMISSION
MEETING

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
ASSISTANCE

REFUND ON GAMING
LICENSES

CIVIL SERVICE BOARD-
Recommendation on
Anniversary Date

LOADING ZONE-
Valet Cleaners

WESTERNER CLUB -
Change of Ownership