There being no further business to come before this meeting, Commissioner Peccole
moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent: Mayor Cragin.

ATTEST:		APPROVED:



   City Clerk		Mayor Pro Tem 

*************.******

Las Vegas, Nevada
February 7, 1951

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held this
7th day of February, 1951 was called to order at the hour of 3:45 P.M. by His Honor
Mayor E. W. Cragin with the following members present: Commissioners Bunker, Moore,

Peccole, Whipple; City Manager C. W. Shelley, City -Attorney Howard W. Cannon and
City Clerk Shirley Ballinger.

PAYROLL WARRANTS	Commissioner Peccole moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 1179 to 1181 inclusive in

	the net sum of $25,157.09 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to

sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, Commissioner Moore.

SERVICE & MATERIAL	Commissioner Peccole moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos. 2053 and 2054 in

WARRANTS	the total amount of $9,207.31 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to

sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

MINUTES	Commissioner Bunker moved the minutes of January 31, 1951 be approved fay reference and

the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.



Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

SOLICITORS LICENSE	Commissioner Whipple moved that pursuant to the report of the City Manager, the request

REDUCTION	of the Fuller Brush Company to reduce the solicitors license fee from $75.00 per quarter

Fuller Brush Go.	to $5.00 per quarter be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING DEED Commissioner Whipple moved the following resolution be adopted:

R/W Lot 6, Block 22, 14th

Street Addition - Lee V.	R E S O L U T I O N

Rosser

BE IT RESOLVED, this 7th day of February, 1951, by the Board of Commissioners of the
	City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 26th day of Jan-

uary, 1951, executed by Lee V. Rosser to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of
Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the
	purposes and Intentions as therein set forth, and

	BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed, and

that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark,

State of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

BID NO. 51.1 - Seed	This being the time heretofore set for the opening of bids for seed for the Park Depart-

ment, bids were received from the following:

Aggeler & Musser	Los	Angeles, California

Germaine Seed Co.	Los	Angeles, California

Henderson Gardens	Henderson, Nevada

Northrup King & Co.	Los	Angeles, California

Ferry-Morse Seed Co.	Los	Angeles, California

Clark County Whse	Las	Vegas, Nevada

Garden Center	Las	Vegas, Nevada

Commissioner Moore moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager and Comptroller
for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.