

in those area where motel owner's business has been disturbed by loud noises
and report to the Commission at their August 1st meeting.

A report from the City Engineer was read to the Board regarding street
improvements in Southridge Tracts Nos. 1,2,3, and it was read to the Board.

The report was ordered filed until the subdividers and the City are satisfied
with these, streets.

At this time Mr. Eddie Gilbreath and Mr. Jim Cashman, Jr, of the Elks Club
appeared before the Board, regarding 2½ carloads of oil given to the City
in exchange for labor, material and equipment used by the City at Cashman
Field.

Commissioner Bunker moved this matter be held in abeyance until a full Board
is present.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and . His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor Baker,

Commissioner Bunker moved pursuant to the request of Dr. Monte Bernstein
that action on the Gaming and liquor Applications for the Horseshoe Club
be held in abeyance until the Club receives the reactions of the State Tax
Commission be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole. and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor Baker,

At this time a report from the City Engineer on the complaint of Mr. Dick
White was read to the Board,

Commissioner Jarrett moved that Mr. White be given the additional connection
of one sewer outlet as recommended by the City Engineer,

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Com-

missioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem voting aye;
noes, none. Absent: Mayor Baker,

At this time the letter of resignation of Mr. Al Corradetti from the Civil
Service Commission of the City of Las Vegas was read to the Board,

Commissioner Jarrett moved that the resignation be accepted and the City Clerk
instructed to write a letter of thanks to Mr. Corradetti for his services.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem, Whipple
voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor Baker,

At this time a report written by the Building Inspector regarding certain
building code violations was read to the Board,

The report was ordered filed.

At this time a report from Sgt. Bob Cooper of the Traffic Dept, was read to
the Board, regarding permits or stickers issued to various officials at the
Courthouse to enable them to leave their cars in the metered zones, around
the courthouse, without receiving citations when on official business.

Commissioner Jarrett moved this procedure be discontinued.

Motion died for a lack for a second.

Commissioner Bunker then suggested that the City Manager be instructed to
notify the Police Department to issue no future permits to authorities for
metered parking areas around the Courthouse, in view of the fact that all
construction has been completed and all officials now have parking spaces
slotted them on the driveway.

At this time a letter from Mrs. Hazel Williams protesting proposed Assessment
District No. 100-6 was read to the Board. The letter was ordered filed inas-
much, as Mrs. Williams will have an opportunity to protest this district at
the proper time.

At this time Commissioner Peccole introduced and moved the adoption of the
following Emergency Ordinance No, 464: (COPY IN TITLE IN MINUTE BOOK.)

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor Baker.

Thereafter, Commissioner Peccole moved that the Public Hearing on this pro-
posed Assessment District No. 100-6 be set for August 22nd, 1951 at the hour
of 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor Baker.

At this time a letter requesting permission to tie into, the City Sewer System
from the Las Vegas Race Track Assoc, was read to the Board,

Commissioner Bunker moved this matter be held in abeyance for future study.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Bunker moved that W.W. Connell request for a zone variance of
R-3 to R-4. at 714 South 3rd Street be granted.

SOUTHRIDGE TRACT
ELKS CLUB OIL

HORSESHOE CLUB
APPLICATIONS



MEADOWS ADDITION 
SEWER
Dick White

RESIGNATION
AL CORRADETTI
Civil Service Board



BUILDING VIOLATION
Cloyd Bennett

TRAFFIC CITATIONS
Courthouse

ASSESSMENT DIST.100-6
Hazel Williams

ASSESSMENT DIST.100-6
Ordinance No. 464

LAS VEGAS RACE TRACK
ASSOCIATION
Connecting to City
Sewer

ZONE VARIANCE
W.W. Connell