BID NOS. 52.1 & 52.2 -	The recommendation of the City Manager regarding the award of Bid No. 52.1, Seed

Seed & Fertilizer	and Bid No. 52.2, Fertilizer, was read to the Board at this time.

Awarded

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the City Manager be accepted and
	Bid No0 52.1 be awarded to the Barden Center in the total amount of $2,523.75 and

Bid No. 52.2 be awarded to the Garden Center in the total amount of $5,331.90.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

BID NO. 52.3 - Opening	This being the time heretofore set for the opening of Bid No. 52.3, for the installa-

Ball Park Fence	tion of a back stop fence for the Ball Park, bids were received from the following

firms:

LINCOLN WELDING	$2,993.00

J. A. TIBERTI CONSTRUCTION CO.	1,600.00

Commissioner Whipple moved that Bid No. 52.3 be awarded to J. A. Tiberti Construc-
tion Co., being the low bid in the total amount of $1600.00, on the condition
that the specifications are complied with.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote; Commis—
sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

SERVICE & MATERIAL	Commissioner Whipple moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos. 2234 to 2238 in-

WARRANTS	clusive in the total amount of $44,530.52 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk

authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

SERVICE LEAGUE -	At this time the opinion of the City Attorney concerning the request of the Service

Request for Lease	League to lease City land in the Park, was read to the Board.

of City Land

	Commissioner Bunker moved the consent of the Las Vegas Land and Water Company, orig-

inal grantors of this property, be obtained as recommended by the City Attorney.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett., Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

TAXICAB - Limitation	The	opinion of the City Attorney on the limiting of the number of taxicabs of any

of number on Streets	one	company on the Streets, was read to the Board. It was requested that a copy of

	this opinion be sent to Mr. Lee Speirs, President of the Taxicab Owners Association.

REVOCATION OF LIQUOR	The	opinion of the City Attorney on the revocation of liquor licenses was read to 

LICENSES	the Board, and ordered filed.

CHANGES IN STREET	At this time the opinion of the City Attorney regarding the changes in street desig-

DESIGNATIONS	nations was read to the Board. It was requested that the Planning Commission con-

tact the Police and Fire Departments on this matter and thereafter present their
recommendations to the Board.

Mr. William Walker, Director of Planning appeared before the Board and stated that
changes in street designations are being considered by the Planning Commission in
cooperation with the Police and Fire Departments.

GOLD STAR MOTHERS	A request from the Gold Star Mothers for a donation from the Board of Commissioners

Memorial Monument	to erect a monument dedicated to the sons of Las Vegas who gave their lives fighting

	for their country, was presented to the Board for their consideration. An opinion

from the City Attorney on the use of City funds, was also read to the Board.

Discussion was held on this matter, and thereafter it was decided to proclaim the
week of March 1 through March 8, 1952 as Gold Stark Mother’s Week in order that
they might attempt to raise the necessary funds for this monument.

LIQUOR LICENSE	Mr. A. W. Ham, Jr. appeared before the Board on behalf of Messrs J. A. Gordon and

Modern Market	L. D. Stein, new owners of the Modern Market relative to the package liquor lic-

	ense. Mr. Ham explained that neither Mr. Gordon nor Mr. Stein had been in Las

Vegas long enough to become registered voters, and therefore were not qualified
to apply for said liquor license. Mr. Ham requested that the Board allow the
license to remain in Mr. R. D. Bingham's name until the new owners can meet the
qualifications.

Commissioner Peccole moved the operation of the Modern Market liquor license con-
tinue in the name of R, D. Bingham until such time as it is satisfactory to trans-
     fer to the new owners, when they become registered voters; further that Mr. Bingham
be held responsible for the conduct of the liquor business at this address.

		Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner
Jarrett passed his vote.

VACATION OF ALLEY	This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the vacation of the 

Ladd's Addn,	following described alley:

 	That alley extending from North 14th to North 15th Streets

in Block 20, Ladd’s Addition, as shown on plat of Resubdi-
vision of Block 20, Ladd's Addition, recorded in Book 2 of
Plats, page 56, Clark County, Nevada records,

His Honor asked if there were any objections to the vacation of this alley. There
were no objections voiced or filed with the City Clerk.