Las Vegas, Nevada

	June 28, 1950

A recessed special meeting of the Board of Commissioners held this 28th day of June,
1950 was called to order at the hour of 3:40 P.M, by His Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin
with the following members present: Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple;

City Manager C. W. Shelley, City Attorney Howard W. Cannon and City Clerk Shirley
Ballinger.

PUBLIC HEARING	This being the time set for the public hearing on the amendment to the Land Use Plan

Amendment to	Land              as recommended by the Regional Planning Commission in their letter of June 6, 1950 re-
use Plan	garding the rezoning of NW¼ of Section 29 T 20S., R 61 E from "RE" (Residence Estates)

	to "R-l" (Single Family), His Honor read the following Notice of Public Hearing:

Commissioner Moore moved the bid submitted by the State Board of Finance be accepted
and the other bids be rejected conditioned upon the State Board of Finance complying
with the terms of the bid.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Hannaford & Talbot be notified that their bid was rejected
conditioned upon the State Board of Finance complying with the terms of their bid and
their certified check returned to them; and further that this concern be thanked
for bidding on this bond issue.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

MARYLAND TRACT #2    Approval on the proposed final map on May land Tract #2 was deferred until June 28, 1950;

R/W DEED - l4th ST	On motion of Commissioner Moore, duly seconded by Commissioner Whipple, and carried un-
& Fairview Tract	animously, the following Resolution is adopted and order made:

Addns

Rudiak & Perry	BE IT RESOLVED, this 26th day of June, 1950, by the Board of Commissioners of

	the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deeds dated the

17th day of June, 1950 and the 17th of April, 1950, executed by George and Gertrude

S. Rudiak, and H. L. and Winifred Perry to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark,

State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is hereby
accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
deed, and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

Commissioner Peccole moved the City Manager be instructed to send a letter of thanks
to Mr. and Mrs. Rudiak and Mr. and Mrs. Perry for deeding this property for the
continuation of the alley in the Fairview Tract connecting with Stewart Street.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye noes, none.

SERVICE &	MATERIAL    Commissioner Moore moved that Service & Material Warrant No. 1966 in the total amount

WARRANT	of $20,000.00 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

	Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

CONCESSION AGREEMENT Commissioner Peccole	moved the request of Mr. Herbert Pracejus to transfer his contract

Transferred	with the City of the operation of Concessions on city property to Mr. J. Francis Shere

be granted, and Mr. Shere be notified to comply with this contract in its entirety.



Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PUBLIC HEARING	The matter of the public hearing on the amendment to the Land Use Plan, rezoning the NW¼

Rezoning	of Section 29 T 20 S R 61 E from "RE" to "R1" was deferred until June 28, 1950.

Commissioner Peccole moved this meeting recess until June 28, 1950 at 3:00 P.M. and all
	matters on the agenda not acted upon be taken care of that time.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;noe

 none.