THOSE VOTING '"AYE":   Commissioner Bunker
Commissioner Peccole
Mayor Baker

THOSE VOTING "NAY":	None

ABSENT:	Commissioner Jarrett

Commissioner Whipple

LIQUOR APPLICATION	Commissioner Peccole moved the application of Beth Williams, Coney Island Cafe,

412 South 2nd Street for a Restaurant Beverage license for the third quarter of 1951
be approved subject to investigation by the Police Department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioners Jarrett

and Whipple.

CITIZEN'S LIBRARY ASSN.	At this time the request of the Citizen’s Library Association of #10,000 of the money

Request for Funds	allowed them by the City be paid to the Contractor of the new library, J. A. Tiberti

Construction Co., was presented.	

Commissioner Bunker moved the foregoing request be allowed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioners Jarrett

and Whipple.

WATER DISTRICT	At this time Commissioner Bunker stated that he would like to have the Board indicate

to the Las Vegas Valley Water District their willingness to assist them in anyway
	to get this water district through and the approval of the General Services Admini-

stration.

Commissioner Peccole commented that he felt we should not only do that, but
contact our Congressional Delegation, have the Chamber of Commerce contact different
individuals to write or telegraph the Congressmen, and get behind this thing whole-
heartedly.

His Honor agreed that we should do all we can to assist in this matter.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved that a letter be written to the Water District
indicating the willingness of the Board to help in any way we can.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Peccole, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioners Jarrett and Whipple.

SERVICE & MATERIAL	Commissioner Peccole moved Service and Material Warrants Nos. 2143.2 and 2143.3 in

WARRANT	the total amount of $7,123.80 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to 

	sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Commissioners Jarrett and Whipple.

PROCLAMATION	A resolution on the proclaiming of Salvation Army Day on August 26, 1951 was read to

Salvation Army	the Board.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved this proclamation be adopted and made a part of
the minutes.

                proclamation

WHEREAS, the Salvation Army has been active in the Las Vegas and Southern
Nevada area for a period of years, and has set aside Sunday, August 26, 1951, for
the purpose of dedicating its Home and permanent accomodations at No. 10 Stewart
Street, Las Vegas, Nevada, and

WHEREAS, the Salvation Army is dedicated to those in need, regardless of
race, color or creed, constituting an Army of Peace fighting continuously twenty-
four hours a day against poverty and sin, and

WHEREAS, the consecrated men and women of the Army devote their lives of
service, with heart to God and hand to man, their purposes being to bring about the
spiritual, moral and physical reformation of all who need it, the reclamation of
the vicious and criminal, dissolute and degraded, to visit the poor, lowly and
sick, and to preach the gospel, and

WHEREAS, the men, women and property of the Salvation Army are all de-
voted exclusively to religious and humanitarian pursuits, described by the slogan,
"Christianity in Action",

NOW, THEREFORE, I, the undersigned, Mayor of the City of Las Vegas,

Clark County, Nevada, do hereby set aside and designate Sunday, August 26, 1951,
as SALVATION ARMY DAY, and request that the residents and citizens give recog-
nition to the Salvation Army for its worthy activities and join in the dedication
services.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto subscribed my name and have caused
to be affixed the seal of the City of Las Vegas.