Las Vegas, Nevada
December 5, 1951

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held this 5th
day of December, 1951 was called to order at the hour of 7:35 P. M. by His Honor Mayor
C. D. Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner 	Wendell Bunker
Commissioner 	Rex A. Jarrett
Commissioner 	William Peccole
Commissioner 	Reed Whipple

City Attorney 	Howard W. Cannon
City Manager 	C. W. Shelley
City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

MINUTES	Commissioner Whipple moved the minutes of November 21 and 26, 1951 be approved by refer-

	ence and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PAYROLL WARRANTS 	Commissioner Whipple moved Payroll Warrants Nos. 1253 to 1256 inclusive in the net amount
of $30,323.64. be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

SERVICE & MATERIAL 	Commissioner Whipple moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos. 2204 to 2208 inclusive
WARRANTS	in the total amount of $28,674.47 and partial payment to Wells Cargo Inc. on Assessment

Assessment District District   No. 100-2 being Warrant No. 2209 in the total amount of $5,791.50 be approved
100-2 - Partial	and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Payment

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

	Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

REZONINGS - Public 	This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the request for rezoning of
Hearing 13th to 15th 	the following described property from R-2 to $-3, as recommended by the Regional Planning
between Ogden &	Commission to the Board of Commissioners at a regular meeting held November 7, 1951:

Stewart - R-2 to $-3

	Lots 3, 4, 5, 8, 9 and 10, Block 21, Ladds Addition; Lots 1 to 6

and 11 to lit inclusive, Block 5, Fairview Tract; and Lots 1 to 6
inclusive, Block 9 and lots 1 to 6 inclusive, Block 10, Fourteenth
Street City Addition,

His Honor Mayor Baker asked if there was anyone present who wished to protest this pro-
posed rezoning. No objections were voiced.

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission that the
above described property be rezoned from R-2 to R-3 be accepted and approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

USE PERMIT -	At this time Mr. Michael Hines representing the owners of the El Encanto Apartments, now

El Encanto Apartments 	known as Rancho Inn, appeared before the Board regarding the request for a Use Permit for
this property located on North 5th Street, in order that it can be converted into motel
units, Mr. Hines explained that an agreement had been reached between the owners of
the property and the tenants by extending the period of time allowed to vacate the pre-
mises in order that the tenants can obtain suitable homes to live in. He requested
that the Board take no further action on the notice of appeal, but allow the Use Permit
to be put into use. Mr. J. K. Houssels, Jr., representative for the El Encanto Apartment
tenants concurred in this request.

Commissioner Peccole moved that upon the request of Attorneys Hines and Houssels the Use
Permit for the El Encanto Apartments now known as Rancho Dan, be approved and the appeal
be withdrawn and the public hearing set for December 19, 1951 on this matter cancelled.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PROPOSED TRUCK ROUTE Right of way deeds for a proposed truck route adjacent to the Union Pacific Railroad track
from an approximate point of Utah Street to Oakey Boulevard, were presented to the Board
	for their consideration.

Commissioner Bunker moved this matter be referred to the Regional Planning Commission to
secure a 100 foot right of way instead of the 80 foot right of way, if possible, and for
recommendation on the feasibility of rezoning on each side of this proposed highway for
industrial use.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

LIQUOR LICENSE -	Mr. V. Gray Gubler representing the residents and property owners of 5th Place and of Park

Location of Duffy’s	Paseo between 5th and 6th Streets in their petition objecting to the issuance of a tavern

Tavern	license for Duffy’s Tavern at 1145 South 5th Street, appeared before the Board at this time.

	Mrs. Earl Davison, Mr. W. E. Ferron, Mrs. George Franklin, Sr., and Mrs. W. E. Ferron also

spoke in protest to the issuance of this liquor license at this location.

Mr. Harry Farnow and Mr. Michael Hines spoke on behalf of the issuance of the license at
this location.