Mr. M. D. Schroeder of the Federal Development Co., subdividers and general
contractor on the Westleigh Subdivision appeared before the Board at this time.

Mr. Schroeder stated that he wished the Board to know that he had requested the
report from the Engineering Department seven weeks ago.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved this petition be held in abeyance until the
next regular meeting November 21, 1951, in order that the General Contractor can
contact the subcontractor for the installation of the improvements in Westleigh
Subdivision and a report can be made to the Board.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

CLAIM - Ben Quintana                   At this time the claim of Ben Quintana dated October 29, 1951 in the total amount
of $21.00 was presented to the Board for their consideration.

Commissioner Whipple moved this claim be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

OAKEY BOULEVARD	The recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission dated October 22, 1951 on the

IMPROVEMENT	width and type of improvement of Oakey Boulevard from 5th Street to 10th Street was

	presented to the Board at this time.

Mr. William R. Walker, Director of Planning was present and stated that a sixty foot
right-of-way with a forty foot roadway, instead of the sixty-four foot right-of-way
recommended, would be acceptable.

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission, as
amended, be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the Engineering Department be instructed to prepare the
specifications, plats, diagrams and secure the necessary right of way in order that
the improvement of Oakey Boulevard from 5th Street to 10th Street can commence as soon
as possible.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

REZONING-Public Hearing             The recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission dated November 1, 1951 con-
Set-13th to 15th Sts.	cerning the request for rezoning from R-2 to R-3 of that area between Qgden and

Fran Ogden to Stewart	Stewart and 13th and 15th Streets, was presented at this time for consideration.

	Commissioner Bunker moved the public hearing on this proposed rezoning be held December

5, 1951 at the hour of 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

SOUTHRIDGE SUBDIVISION At this time the recommendation of the City Engineer regarding the release of the
Tract Nos. 1 & 2	$6500.00 performance bond for pairing of streets in Southridge Tract Nos. 1 and 2,

Paving Bond	executed by Wells Cargo Inc., was presented to the Board.

Mr. Jack Hassett of Howard and Hassett, subdivider of this subdivision was present
at this time to request the Board to hold the release of this bond until the street
work has been completed.

Commissioner Bunker moved this matter be held in abeyance until November 21, 1951
in order that Howard & Hassett, Wells Cargo Inc., and the City Engineer might meet
and work this matter out.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT	Commissioner Peccole moved the request of Wells Cargo Inc. for partial payment on

No. 100-2	Assessment District No. 100-2 as approved by the City Engineer and City Manager,

Partial Payment	in the total amount of $44,874.18 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized

	to sign the warrant when prepared.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

RESOLUTION	Commissioner Whipple moved the following resolution for special improvement District

Improvement District 	  No. 200-10 be adopted:

No. 200-10

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, that certain portion of the City of Las Vegas, hereinafter mentioned has been
and is still without adequate sanitary sewer facilities, and

WHEREAS, numerous requests have been had for the installation of sanitary sewers in the