PROPOSED REZONINGS -	The recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission on the rezoning of the

Shadow, Desert Lane &	area in the vicinity of Shadow Street, Hastings Avenue and Desert Lane from

Hastings Avenue	R-E to R-1 was read to the Board.

Commissioner Bunker moved that a public hearing on this matter be held March
19, 1952, at the hour of 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and parried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

SOUTH 5TH STREET IMPROVEMENT Mr. Robert Schmutzer appeared on behalf of the property owners on South 5th street
Island	between the intersection of South 5th and Main to Oakey Boulevard, protesting the

proposed island that the State Highway Department contemplates installing. Mr.
Schmutzer requested the. Board to oppose this matter.

Commissioner Whipple moved that in view of the fact the City has been presented
with a petition from 100% of the property owners between Paradise Valley Road
and Oakey Boulevard, the City protests the installation of the island from a
point 200 feet north of the intersection of Paradise Road to a point approxim-
ately 150 feet south of Oakey Boulevard.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

REZONING OF. CHARLESTON	The recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission on the proposed rezoning

BOULEVARD	of Charleston Boulevard, was presented for consideration by the Board.

	Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation from the Planning Commission on

the rezoning of the following property be accepted, and the public hearing
on this matter be set for March 19, 1952 at the hour of 7:30 P.M.

Lots 13 and 22, Block lU, South Addition, from R-3 to C-1;
Lots 7 to 12, Block 7, Boulder Addition, Lots 1 to 12,

Block 13, Boulder Addition, Lots 15, 16 and 22, Block 2,

South Addition and the vacated portion of Coolidge Street
lying easterly of 4th Street, and Lot D Park Place Tract
from R-3 to C-2.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved a public hearing be held March 19, 1952 at 7:30 P.M.
to determine the general rezoning of Charleston Boulevard from South Main to
South 5th Street.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

VARIANCE APPLICATION	Commissioner Peccole moved that the following Resolution be approved:

Theodore Patton

	 RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, on the 11th day of January, 1952, Theodore Patton filed an application
with the Regional. Planning Commission to allow the erection of a commercial building in an
R-3 zone, the location being Lot 13, Block 14, South Addition; and

WHEREAS, on January 31, 1952 the Regional Planning Commission held a public hear-
ing on this application for variance, at which time no objections were raised and no commun-
ications protesting the granting of said variance were received; and

WHEREAS, on January 31, 1952 the Regional Planning. Commission approved such appli-
cation for variance on the ground that such variance would not result in material damage to
other property in the vicinity or be detrimental to the public welfare; and

WHEREAS, such decision of the Regional Planning Commission was filed with the
Board of City Commissioners on February 5, 1952, recommending that such variance be granted,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the recommendation of the Regional Planning Com-
mission that Theodore Patton be granted permission to erect a commercial building in an
R-3 zone, being located on Lot 13, Block 14, South Addition, be and the same hereby is
approved, provided, however, that the privileges granted be utilized in accordance with
the time limit provided by ordinance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

LOADING ZONE -	Commissioner Bunker moved the application of William Roesselet for waiver of the

Wm. Roesselet	loading zone requirement for a commercial building for a proposed building to be

located on the triangular piece of land on South 5th Street immediately north of
the 3rd Street intersection, approximately 1400 South 5th Street, be allowed as
recommended by. the Regional Planning Commission.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

CLAIM FOR DAMAGES	The claim of Mary Harvey Dixon in the amount of $1015.00 for damages received in

	a collision with a garbage truck on December 24, 1951, was ordered filed.

VARIANCE APPLICATION	Commissioner Whipple moved the following resolution be adopted:

Florence Church	

Denied		RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, on the 10th day of January, 1952, Florence L. Church filed an application
with the Regional Planning Commission to permit the conducting of a Nursery School in an R-1
(Single Family Residence) zone, 232 North 19th Street; and