Commissioner Whipple moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City
Manager and Comptroller for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none, 
Absent:Commissioner Bunker,

ZONE CHANGE	At this time the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission dated

Public Hearing	August 15, 1950 concerning the request for zone change, a portion of the

Date Set	NE¼ of the SW¼ of Section 3, T. 21,S., R 61 E. from "Rl" to "RA" by

Mr, Jerry Mack, was presented for consideration.

Commissioner Peccole moved the Public Hearing for the above mentioned Zone
Change be set for September 22, 1950 at 3:00 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent: Commissioner Bunker.

ACCEPTANCE OF	STREET   At this time the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission

Section 32	dated August 15, 1950 concerning the acceptance of a deed covering

Jack Wollenzien                      a street in the S½ of the SW¼ of the SW¼ of Section 32, leading from
the corner of Mr. Jack Wollenzien’s residence in an easterly direction
	parallel to Charleston Boulevard, was presented for consideration by the

Board.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the deed for the above mentioned street
be accepted when the same is presented to the Board.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent: Commissioner Bunker.

ZONE VARIANCE	Commissioner Moore moved that pursuant to the recommendation of the

Dr. Kline	Regional Planning Commission as contained in their letter of August 15,

1950, the request of Dr. Kline permitting him to erect a duplex dwelling
on lot 24., Block 4, Mayfair Addition No 2 and occupy one of the units
as his professional office be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:

  Commissioners Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent: Commissioner Bunker.

LEASE OF CITY PROPERTY Commissioner Moore moved the letter of the National Advertising Co.,

Request of the	Phoenix, Arizona of August A, 1950 requesting permission to lease that

National Advertising Co         certain property owned by the City located across from the Flamingo
	Hotel on the Los Angeles Highway for the erection of a small sign be

ordered filed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent: Commissioner Bunker.

SERVICE ON SALE OF	Commissioner Moore moved that the proposed agreement submitted by Ed. L.

BONDS - Agreement	Burton & Company of Salt Lake City, Utah to assist the City in the issuance

with Ed. L, Burton Co               of special assessment bonds on Assessment Districts Nos. 100-2, 100-4

	and 100-6 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioner Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;, noes, none.

Absent: Commissioner Bunker.

RENT DE CONTROL -          Commissioner Moore moved the Board Accept the decontrol of rent in the City
Resolution Adopted                of Las Vegas and the following resolution be adopted:

 	RESOLUTION

WHEREAS a Petition to decontrol rents in the City of Las Vegas was filed
with the City Commissioners of this City on the 21st day of July, 1950, and

WHEREAS it is alleged that there no longer exists in the City of Las Vegas
such a shortage of rental housing accommodations as to require rent control in said
City, and

WHEREAS notice of the date, time, place and purpose of a public hearing was
published in a newspaper of general circulation published and circulated in the
City of Las Vegas on the 26th day of July, and the 1st and 8th days of August\

1950, and

WHEREAS the City of Las Vegas held a public hearing at the time, date and
place for the purpose set forth in such notice of publication, and

WHEREAS at such public hearing all interested persons were given a reasonable
opportunity to be heard, with the right to be represented by counsel; and

WHEREAS The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, having duly
considered all of the evidence presented at such hearing and taken the same
under advisement,

NOW THEREFORE the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas does hereby
find and resolve as follows: That there no longer exists in the City of Las Vegas

such a shortage of rental housing accommodations as to require rent control in such City