CLUB EBONY - Gaming	Mr. Harry Claiborne, representing Mr. Boysie Ensley in his request to transfer his gaming

license Transfer	license for the Club Ebony, 501 Jackson to the Brown Derby at 320 Monroe, appeared again

	before the Board and stated that the Planning Engineer had informed him that the Zone

Variance granted Mr. P. L. Jefferson on July 22, 1949 for 320 Monroe would be sufficient
for this gaming license transferral.

Thereafter Commissioner Moore moved the request of Mr. Ensley to transfer his gaming lic-
ense to 320 Monroe be allowed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

NOTICE & DEMAND - Commissioner Moore moved the Notice and Demand of Mae West in the amount of $10,100.00
Mae West	be referred to the City Attorney.

 	Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

GREEN GABLES TRAILER Commissioner Moore moved that pursuant to the report of the Building, Plumbing, Electrical
PARK	Inspectors, the Fire Marshall and the Health Department, that the owner of the Green Gables

	Trailer Park be notified to appear before the Board on February 21, 1950 to show cause why

the license should not be revoked.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and- carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

TAXICAB LICENSES	Commissioner Moore moved the application of Union Cab Company for renewal of 8 taxicab

licenses and Yellow Cab for 5 taxicabs for the 1st quarter of 1950 be granted.

	Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following votes Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

GAMING APPLICATIONS    Commissioner Moore moved the following renewal gaming applications for the 1st quarter of 
Renewals	1950 be granted:

 

2ND STREET LUNCH   Bertha Saunders	117 South 2nd	2 slots

SMITH'S DRIVE IN       Bert Smith	300 Stewart	3 slots

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none,

LIQUOR APPLICATIONS Commissioner Moore moved the application of William H. Elwell, 202 Bar, 1st & Carson for

Renewal	renewal of his Retail Tavern liquor license for the 1st quarter of 1950 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
	Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

New	Commissioner Moore moved the application of W. J. Markey, Ancho Cafe, 1202 South Main

Street for a Retail Restaurant Beverage license for the 1st quarter of 1950 be referred
 	to the Police Department for investigation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

LIQUOR LICENSE REVOKED Commissioner Whipple moved the Retail Tavern Liquor license of Rufus M. White, Log Cabin
Log Cabin Bar	Bar, 122 North 1st Street be revoked.

 

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following votes Commissioners
Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

LIQUOR APPLICATION       Commissioner Moore moved the application of F. K. Shaw, Log Cabin Bar, 122 North 1st Street
Log Cabin Bar - New              for a Retail Tavern Liquor license be held in abeyance.

 

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

CIGARETTE LICENSE          Commissioner Moore moved the following applications for the Retail Sale of Cigarettes and
APPLICATIONS	Tobacco Products for the 1st quarter of 1950 be approved:

FISHER DRUG CO.	E. A. Pallard                      501 North Main

	MAYFAIR DRUG CO.	W. L. Hoist	1422 Fremont

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following votes Commissioners
Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

BID NO. 50.2	This being the time set for the opening of Bid No. 50.2, 4 4-Door Sedans and 1 Business

Automobiles	Coupe, bids were received from the following firm:

	F. W, Gilman Motors, Inc. Las Vegas, Nevada

Commissioner Bunker moved the foregoing bid be referred to the City Manager.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

BID NO. 50.3 -	This being the time set for the opening of Bid No. 50.3, Fertilizer and grass seed, bids

Fertilizer & Seed	were received from the following firms*

Don Schwarts	Las Vegas, Nevada

Las Vegas Hardware Co.	Las Vegas, Nevada

Simpson House of Service	Pasadena, California