Las Vegas, Nevada
November 7, 1951

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held this 7th
day of November, 1951, was called to order at the hour of 7:30 P.M. by His Honor Mayor
Pro Tem Whipple with the following members present:

Mayor Pro Tem	Reed Whipple

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	Rex A. Jarrett

Commissioner	William Peccole

City Manager	C. W. Shelley

     City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent: Mayor	C. D. Baker

PAYROLL WARRANTS    Commissioner Bunker moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 1242 to 1245 inclusive in the net

	amount of $28,162.69 and Warrant No. 1246 in the net amount of #155.77 be approved and the

	   Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent: Mayor Baker.

At this time Mayor Baker arrived at the meeting.

SERVICE & MATERIAL Commissioner Bunker moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos. 2194 to 2197 inclusive
   WARRANTS	in the total amount of #42,985.20 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to

sign. same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

MINUTES	Commissioner Whipple moved the minutes of October 3, 8, 11, 17 (Recessed Regular meeting),

17 (Regular meeting), 24 (Special meeting), 24 (Recessed Regular meeting), and 29, 1951 be
approved by reference and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PUBLIC HEARING -      This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the request for rezoning of
Rezoning of Westside            the following described property from R-1 to R-2 as recommended by the Regional Planning
Area	Commission to the Board, of Commissioners at a regular meeting held October 17, 1951s

R-1 to R-2

Lots 13 to 18 inc., Block 7; Lots 1 to 24 inc., Block 8;

	Lots 13 to 18 inc., Block 9; Lots 7 to 18 inc., Block 20;

Lots 1 to 24 inc., BBlobR121; Lots 1 to 10 inc., Block 22;

Lots 5 to 12 inc., Block 23, all in the Original Las Vegas
Townsite.

His Honor Mayor Baker asked if there was anyone present who wished to protest this pro-
posed rezoning. No objections were voiced.

Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission that
the above described property be rezoned from R-1 to R-2 be accepted and approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

BIDS	This being the time set for the opening of bids for the furnishing of cars for the Police

Cars for Police	Department, there were no bids received.

Department

Sale of Power Shovel             At this time the City Manager requested permission to sell a power owned by the City of
	Las Vegas.

Commissioner Whipple moved the City Manager be authorized to sell this power shovel for an
amount not less than $2500.00

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

  FIRE DEPARTMENT	Commissioner Peccole moved the City Manager be authorized to advertise for bids for the

TRUCK	purchase of a truck for the Fire Department, said bids to be opened at the next regular

meeting on November 21, 1951.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

WESTLEIGH SUBDIVISION At this time a petition from home owners and residents of Westleigh Subdivision, Tract No.
Petition on Tract                  1 requesting the Board to force the subdivider to finish the installation of improvements in 
	#1	this tract, was presented to the Board for their consideration.

Installation of 

Improvements	There also was presented a report from,the City Engineer on this matter.