There being no further business to come before this special meeting Commissioner
Whipple moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner

Peccole.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:



*****************

Las Vegas, Nevada
November 21, 1951

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held this 21st
day of November, 1951 was called to order at the hour of 7:35 P. M. by His Honor Mayor
C. D. Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner Wendell Bunker
Commissioner Rex A. Jarrett
Commissioner William Peccole
Commissioner Reed Whipple

City Manager C. W. Shelley
City Attorney Howard W. Cannon
City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

MINUTES	Commissioner Bunker moved the Minutes of November 7, 13 (special meeting), 13 (recessed

regular meeting) and 19, 1951 be approved by reference and the Mayor and City Clerk au-
	thorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PAYROLL WARRANTS	Commissioner Whipple moved Payroll Warrant No. 1242 in the net amount of $95.54 be approved

	and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

BIDS - Garbage Contract            This being the time heretofore set for the opening of bids for the contract to collect and
dispose of garbage and trash in the City of Las Vegas, bids were received from the following
films:

Los Angeles Disposal Co.	E. T. Agajanian	No Bid

Nevada Sanitation Inc.	J. S. Moseley	No Bid

Las Vegas Sanitary Disposal Co.              Louis Visco
Lennox Disposal Service	Adam Schleining &

Randolph Odne

A-1 Disposal Co.	Paul W. Thorsen

Southern Nevada Disposal	Barney L. Barnes

Thereafter the foregoing bids were referred to a committee composed of Commissioners
Peccole and Whipple for recommendation and report at the next meeting to be held Monday
November 26, 1951 at the hour of 7:30 P.M.

Fire Dept. Truck	This being the time heretofore set for the opening of bids for the furnishing of a new

Bid No. 51.7	truck for the Fire Department, being Bid No. 51.7, bids were received from the following

	firms:

A. C. Grant	$2169.00	8 Cylinder	$2127.00	6	Cylinder

Down Motors	1897.21

Community Chevrolet 	2260.06
Clark Co. Whse	2195.00

Commissioner Bunker moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager and
Comptroller for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

USE PERMIT -	At this time His Honor Mayor Baker turned the meeting over to Commissioner Peccole who

Orville Bell	reported on the meeting held November 20, 1951 concerning the Use Permit granted Orville

Biltraore Addn Annex #3           Bell for the conversion of his property in Biltmore Addition Annex No. 3, known as El
El Encanto Apartments 	Encanto Apartments, to a motel.

Mr. J. Kell Houssels Jr., and Mr. George Rudiak, representing Mr. Bob Taylor, spokesman
for the tenants of the El Encanto Apartments appeared before the Board at this time to
request the Board to issue an order to stay the effectiveness of this use permit, and
set a date for public hearing within the next thirty days. Discussion followed.

Thereafter Commissioner Peccole moved that inasmuch as an appeal has been filed with the
Clerk by the property owners of this area, that the action taken on November 13, 1951
by the Board be stayed and a complete investigation be made on this Use Permit, as has
been requested, and a public hearing be held December 19, 1951 at 7:30 P. M.