LIQUOR LICENSE	Commissioner Moore moved that pursuant to the favorable recommendation

Charleston Inn	of the Police Department the application of L. B. Luth, Charleston Inn,

17 W. Charleston for Retail Restaurant Beverage license for the second
	quarter of 1950 be granted,

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

LIQUOR LICENSE	Commissioner Whipple moved that pursuant to the favorable recommendation

Nevada Sportservice	of the Police Department the application of E. S, Owen, Nevada Sportservice

for a retail restaurant Beverage liquor license for the second quarter of
	1950 be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

ZONE CHANGE -	Commissioner Moore moved the public hearing on the amendment to the Land

Public Hearing Set	Use Plan, a zone change in the NW¼ of Section 29 from R-E to R-l be set

for June 26, 1950 at 3:30 P.M.



Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whip pie and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

ETHEL'S LIQUOR	The letter ffom the First National Bank notifying the Board that Edward

STORE	 Waskow is no longer affiliated with Ethel's liquor Store, 28 Fremont

	Street, was ordered filed.

GAMING APPLICATIONS         Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Gayer Company, Brown Derby
320 Monroe for one slot machine for the second quarter of 1950 be granted.

	Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

WATER CONSERVATION        Mr. A1 Folger of the Las Vegas Land & Water Company arrived at this time
 and the Board discussed the water conservation in the City. Mr. Folger
	assured the Board there would be fewer complaints as soon as they had

finished putting in the new main lines down near the 14th Street Addition.

LIQUOR APPLICATIONS Commissioner Moore moved the application of the Adavan Club, 415 Jackson.,
for Retail Club Liquor License for the 2nd quarter of 1950 be granted
	subject to investigation by the Police Department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following
vote: Commissioner Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Moore moved the application of Thomas Oakey for a Sealed
Package Minature Liquor license at Maryland Parkway and Charleston Blvd,
be tabled for further study.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes,
Commissioner Whipple.

LEAGUE. OF NEVADA	Commissioner Moore moved that the City of Las Vegas be in favor of

CITIES	joining the League of Nevada Cities and that certain members be authorized

Board Members to	to attend the meeting at Elko, Nevada on the 23rd and 24th of June and

Attend	that actual expenses be paid for by the City.

	Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING    On motion of Commissioner Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner Peccole

DEED	and carried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

Easement - 14th St
Addition

	BE IT RESOLVED, this 7th day of June, 1950, by the Board of Commissioners

of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deeds,
dated the 27th & 28th of April and the 4th of May, 1950, executed by W. R. &
Gina W. Smith, Manuel Champo, Adeline H. Paddock, William J. & Roberta W.

Smart, Irvin A. & Gladys L. Stephens, and Thomas T. Beam, to the City of
Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property des-
cribed therein be, and hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as
therein set forth; and,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to
said deed, and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder
of the Bounty of Clark, State, of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

PARTIAL PAYMENT	Commissioner Peccole moved that Partial Payment No. 7 to Hoagland-Findlay

Sewage Plant	Engineer Company on the Sewage Treatment Plant in the amount of $36,190.70 be

approved, the Comptroller instructed to draw a warrant, and the Mayor and City
	Clerk authorized to sign same.