There being no further business to come before the Board of Commissioners, Commissioner
Bunker moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

	

Chief' Deputy City Clerk	Mayor	

* * * * * * * * * * * * *

Las Vegas, Nevada
November 22, 1950

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County,

Nevada, was held on Wednesday, the 22nd day of November, 1950, at the hour of 3:30 o'clock
P.M., at the City Hall, being the regular meeting place of said Board, at which meeting
there were present and answering the roll call, the following:

Mayor E. W. Cragin
Commissioner Wendell Bunker
Commissioner Robert T. Moore
Commissioner William Peccole
Commissioner Reed Whipple

constituting all the members of said Board. There was also present the following:

City Manager C. W. Shelley
City Attorney Howard W. Cannon
Chief Deputy City Clerk Betty Funston
City Engineer W. C. Anderson

Thereupon, the following proceedings, among others, were duly had and taken.

PAYROLL WARRANTS	Commissioner Whipple moved Payroll Warrants Nos. 1163 to 1165 inclusive in the net amount of

	$24,189.96 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker,

Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

TAVERN OWNERS	A delegation of the Tavern Owners Association appeared before the Board with Mr. Jack Conlon

ASSOCIATION	acting as their spokesman. Discussion was held relative to the amount of license fees for

	taverns and liquor stores.

Commissioner Bunker moved the association represented by Jack Conlon appoint a committee of
three of its members to meet with the Board of Commissioners, Wednesday, November 29, 1950,
at 8:00 o'clock P.M. to draft a new liquor license ordinance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple end His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

BOY SCOUT	Mr. Gray Gubler, representative of the Boy Scouts, appeared before the Board relative to the

REPRESENTATIVE	Boy Scout Cabins located in the City Park. Mr. Gubler was asked to meet with the City Mana-

	ger and the committee appointed for the planning of the City Park.

SERVICE & MATERIAL	Commissioner Whipple moved Service and Material Warrants Nos. 2024 and 2025 in the total

WARRANTS	amount of $11,050.41 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

  Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

MINUTES	Commissioner Whipple	moved the Minutes of November 13 and November 15, 1950 be approved by

	reference and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole,' Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

AWARD OF BID - West        Commissioner Moore introduced and moved the adoption of the following resolution:

Chariest on Blvd Sewer

 Bonds 	 RESOLUTION

	WHEREAS, by resolution passed and adopted by the Board of Commissioners of the

	City of Las Vegas on the 11th day of October, 1950, the City Clerk was directed to publish

notice of the resale of the West Charleston Sewer Bonds, and

WHEREAS, it has been determined by the Board of Commissioners that said notice was
published pursuant to said Resolution, and

WHEREAS, bids on the said bonds were received and opened at a regular meeting of the
Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas on the 15th day of November, 1950, and

WHEREAS, the best bid in compliance with the notice was the bid of W. Roger

Barnard.

 NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas at a regular meeting thereof held on the 22nd day of November, 1950 that the bid of
W. Roger Barnard for the West Charleston Sewer bonds be and the same is hereby accepted.