Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commis-
sioners Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioners

Bunker and Peccole.

BID OPENING - Westside	This being the time heretofore set for the opening of bids for the construction of the pro-

Fire Station	posed fire station on West Bonanza Road, bids were received from the following:

	BEN O. DAVEY	$44,873

WESTERN STATES CONSTRUCTION - 	51,400
J. A. TIBERTI	41,989

LONGLEY CONSTRUCTION CO.	45,800

Commissioner Whipple moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager and
Comptroller for checking and recommendation to the Board.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commis-
sioners Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioners

Bunker and Peccole.

VACATION OF ALLEY-	At this time the recommendation of the Regional planning Commission dated December 31,

Block 20, Ladd’s Addn	1951 on the request for vacation of the alley in Block 20, Ladd’s Addition, was read

to the Board.

	Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved this recommendation of the Regional Planning

Commission on the vacation of the alley in Block 20, Ladd’s Addition be referred
to the City Attorney for legal study and report back to the Board at the next meeting.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commis-
sioners Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commis-

sioners Bunker and Peccole.

ZONE VARIANCE -	The recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission dated December 31, 1951

Arthur Fowler	on the application of Arthur Fowler for variance to allow a three foot side yard on

	his property located on Morgan Avenue between C and D Streets, was presented to the

		Board for consideration.

Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission
for the above mentioned variance be approved and the following resolution be adopted:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, on the 29th day of November, 1951, Arthur Fowler filed an application with
  the Regional Planning Commission for permission to construct a residence within three feet
of each side lot line in an R-3 (Limited Multiple Residence) Use District described as Lot 3,

Block 26, Original Las Vegas Plat; and

WHEREAS, on December 20, 1951, the Regional Planning Commission held a public hear-
ing on this application for variance, at which time no objections were raised and no commun-
ications protesting the granting of said variance were received; and

WHEREAS, on December 20, 1951, the Regional Planning Commission approved such appli-
cation for variance on the ground that such variance would not result in material damage to
other property in the vicinity or be detrimental to the public welfare; and

WHEREAS, such decision of the Regional Planning Commission was filed with the Board
of City Commissioners on December 26, 1951, recommending that such variance be granted,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission
that Arthur Fowler be granted permission to construct a residence within three feet of each
side lot line in and R-3 (Limited Multiple Residence) Use District, located on Lot 3, Block 26,
Original Las Vegas Plat, be and the same hereby is approved, provided, however, that the pri-
vileges granted be utilized in accordance with the time limit provided by ordinance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commis-
sioners Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioners

Bunker and Peccole.

ZONE VARIANCE -	At this time the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission dated December 31,

Coy Sparks	1951 on the request for variance of Coy Sparks to allow a beauty shop in an R-4 zone,

said property being located on the northwest comer of Monroe and D Streets, was pre-
sented to the Board for their consideration.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved this request for zone variance as recommended
by the Regional Planning Commission be approved, and the following resolution adopted:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, on the 10th day of December, 1951, Coy Sparks filed an application with the
Regional Planning Commission for permission to conduct a beauty shop business in an R-4 (Apart-
ment Residence) Use District, located on Lot 6, Block 5, HFM&M Addition; and

WHEREAS, on December 20, 1951, the Regional Planning Commission held a public hearing
on this application for variance, at which time no objections were raised and no communications
protesting the granting of said variance were received; and

WHEREAS, on December 20, 1951, the Regional Planning Commission Approved such applica-
tion for variance on the ground that such variance would not result in material damage to other
property in the vicinity or be detrimental to the public welfare; and especially in view of the
fact that the former building has been destroyed by fire and the intention of the applicant
being to erect a small commercial building housing the beauty shop in its place; and

WHEREAS, such decision of the Regional Planning Commission was filed with the Board
of City Commissioners on December 26, 1951, recommending that such variance be granted,