

district in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada to be called and designated Street Improvement As-
sessment District No. 100-17, which shall include all the lots, premises and property with-
in said improvement district to their full depth, fronting, adjoining and abutting upon the
following streets and parts of streets within the City of Las Vegas:

On California Avenue, from A Street to Third Street;
on Park Paseo, from Fifth Street to Sixth Street; on
Fourth Place, from Third Street to Fourth Street; on
Colorado Avenue, from easterly right of way line of
Union Pacific Railroad to Third Street; on Imperial
Avenue, from A Street to Third Street;, on Utah Avenue,
from Truck Road to Third Street; on Wyoming Avenue,
from Truck Road to Fifth Street; on Oakey Boulevard,
from A Street to Main Street; on New York Avenue, on
Chicago Avenue, on Philadelphia Avenue, and on St, Louis
Avenue, from west boundary to east boundary of the
Meadows Addition; on Boston Avenue, from west boundary
of Meadows Addition to Fifth Street; on Baltimore Ave-
nue, from west boundary to east boundary of the Meadows
Addition; on Cleveland Avenue, from west boundary of
Meadows Addition to Fifth Street; on Cincinnati Avenue
from west boundary of Meadows Addition to Fifth Street;
on San Francisco Street, from west boundary of Meadows
Addition to Fifth Street; on Truck Road, from looming
Avenue to Utah Avenue; on Fairfield Avenue, from San
Francisco Avenue to New York Avenue; on A Street, from
New York Avenue on Charleston Boulevard; on Second
Street, from Oakey Boulevard to Charleston Boulevard;
on Third Street, from Fifth Street to Charleston Boule-
vard; on Fourth Street, from Fourth Place to Charles-
ton Boulevard; on Fifth Place from south boundary of
Block 1 and 2 of the Amended Plat of the Subdivision
of Lot J, Park Place Addition, to Park Paseo, and,
on Sixth Street, from Franklin Avenue to Charleston
Boulevard. 

Section 2. That the streets and parts of streets hereinabove described shall be
paved by grading and constructing thereon an oil bound gravel pavement and shall be curbed and
guttered by constructing on both sides of said streets and parts of streets, wherever said
improvements are missing, including concrete valley gutters and including alley approaches,
together with such appurtenances as may be required, as more particularly shown by the plats,
diagrams and plans of the work and locality to be improved now on file in the office of the
City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas.

Section 3. That the entire cost and expense of making said improvements, including
all incidental expenses which may be legally Included in the sums assessed, including, with-
out limiting the generality of the foregoing, the cost of surveys, plans assessments, the costs
of construction, and the fees and compensation properly charged in the work of making special
assessments, shall be defrayed by special assessments made according to the frontage against
the owners and the assessable lots, premises and property specially benefited by such improve-
ments and included within said District. The entire cost and expense of making said improve-
ments are deemed to be $326,637.81 and the total of the special assessments so levied shall
be in that amount.

Section 4. That in no case shall the amount of any special assessment upon any
such lot or premises exceed 50% of the value of such lot or premises as shown upon the lat-
est tax list, or assessment roll for State and County taxation, but such cost in excess of
50%, if any there should be, shall be borne by the City of Las Vegas and paid out of the Gen-
eral Fund.

Section 5. That the County Assessor of the County of Clark and State of Nevada,
the acting Ex-officio City Assessor of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, shall prepare, and
is hereby empowered, authorized and directed to make forthwith, an assessment roll in the
manner provided by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, and shall assess each lot
and parcel of land embraced within the aforementioned special assessment district, such rela-
tive portion of the whole sum to be levied as the length of front of such premises abutting
upon the improvement bears to the whole frontage of all the lots to be assessed; unless, on
account of the shape or size of any lot or lots, an assessment for a different number of feet
would be more equitable; and the frontage of all lots to be assessed shall be deemed to be
the aggregate number of feet as determined upon for assessment by the assessor.

Section 6. That when said Ex-officio City Assessor shall have completed the ass-
essment, he shall report the same to the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas. Such
report shall be signed by him and made in the form of a certificate endorsed on the assessment roll,
substantially in the manner prescribed by the Charter of said City.

Section 7. That after said special assessment roll shall have been prepared and
reported to said Board, it shall be filed in the Office of the City Clerk and numbered.

Section 8. That before said Assessment Roll is adopted and confirmed by said Board,
any person objecting to the Assessment may file his objection thereto with the City Clerk on or
before Monday, the 26th day of May, 1952, at 7:30 o'clock, P.M. at the City Hall in said City,
and said time and place are hereby fixed as the time and place when and where said Board and
said County Assessor and Ex-officio City Assessor will meet to hear and consider objections to
said Special Assessment Roll and to review said Assessment.

Section 9. That after filing said Special Assessment Roll with the City Clerk, she
shall publish notice of the time said Board and said Ex-officio City Assessor will meet to re-
view the Assessments once a week for two successive weeks in the Las Vegas Sun, a daily news-
paper published in said City of Las Vegas, in the manner prescribed by the Charter of the City
of Las Vegas, as amended.

Section 10. That at said time appointed for reviewing the Assessments as aforesaid,
the Board of Commissioners and the Ex-officio City Assessor shall meet and then, or at some
adjourned meeting, review the assessments and hear any objection to said Assessments which may
be made by any person deeming himself aggrieved thereby, and shall decide the same; and said
Board may correct the same as to any assessment or description of the premises appearing there-
in, and may confirm and approve it as reported or as corrected, or said Board may refer the