Northrop King & Co.	Los Angeles, California

Kellog Supply Co,	Wilmington, California

Garden Center	Las Vegas, Nevada

Germain Seed & Plant Co,                  Los Angeles, California

W. D, Fraser	Los Angeles, California

Ferry Morse Seed Co,	Los Angeles, California

Clark Co, Wise, Merc,	Las Vegas, Nevada

Bandini Fertilizer Co, . 	          Los Angeles, California
Aggeler & Musser Seed Co, 	         Los Angeles, California

Commissioner Peccole moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager for tabula-
tion and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time set for the opening of Bid No, 50.4, Hose for the Golf Course, Ceme-
tery and Park, bids were received from the following firms:

Ed Von Tobel Lumber Co,                  Las Vegas, Nevada
Standard Whse Supply	Las Vegas, Nevada

Sears Roebuck & Co,	Las Vegas, Nevada

Quaker Pacific Rubber Co,                San Francisco, California
Inland Service & Supply                    Las Vegas, Nevada
Goodyear Tire & Rubber Co,            Los Angeles, California
Goodall Rubber Co,	Los Angeles, California

Gates Rubber Co,	Los Angeles, California

Clark County Wholesale                  Las Vegas, Nevada

Commissioner Whipple moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager for tabula-
tion and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time set for the opening of Bid No, 50.6, Street Signs, bids were received
from the following firms:

Ed VonTobel Lumber Co,	Las	Vegas,	Nevada

Vegas Planing Mill	Las	Vegas,	Nevada

T. Vasquez Cabinet Shop	Las	Vegas,	Nevada

Stocks Mill & Supply	Las	Vegas,	Nevada

John A, McDonald	Las	Vegas,	Nevada

Phil Carson Cabinet Shop	Las	Vegas,	Nevada

Desert Construction Co,	Las	Vegas,	Nevada

Pioneer Construction Co,	Las	Vegas,	Nevada

Boulder Cabinet Shop	Boulder City, Nevada

Builders Mill & Supply                      Las Vegas, Nevada

Commissioner Moore moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager for tabula-
tion and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Moore moved that pursuant to the recommendation of the Regional Planning Com-
mission contained in their letter of February 2, 1950, the request of Mr, Charles H, Hill
 for a zone variance covering Lots 22-23, Block 19, Wardie Addition from "R-1" to "R-3" be
granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved that upon the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission
the final map of South Fifth Street, Tract No, 1 be approved with the further recommendation
that sidewalks be included in the conditions.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Moore,

Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Bunker passed his vote.

Commissioner Moore moved that the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission con-
tained in their letter of February 4, 1950 the final map of Alta Vista Tract #1 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following votes Commissioners
Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none

Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission contained
in their letter of February 7, 1950 that the Tentative Map of Paradise Village Tract No, 1
be approved subject to the conditions set forth by the Regional Planning Commission, -

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Moore moved that the Public Hearing on the Vacation of a portion of the right
of way at the SW corner of John S, Park School be set for March 13, 1950 at the hour of
3:00 P.M,

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

BID NO, 50.4

Hose

 

BID NO. 50.6
Street Signs

 

ZONE VARIANCE #74

Chas. H. Hill

 

SOUTH 5TH STREET
TRACT NO, 1
Final Map Approved

ALTA VISTA TRACT #1
Final Map Approved

 

PARADISE VILLAGE
TRACT NO. 1

Tentative Map Approved

VACATION OF R/W
Public Hearing Set

 