Las Vegas, Nevada
May 2, 1951

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County,
Nevada, was held on Wednesday, the 2nd day of May, 1951, at the hour of 3:30 o'clock
P.M., at the City Hall being the regular meeting place of said Board, at which meeting
there were present and answering the roll call, the following:

Mayor:	E. W. Cragin

Commissioner:	Wendell Bunker

"	Robert T. Moore

"	William Peccole

"	Reed Whipple

Absent:	None

constituting all of the members of said Board. There were also present the following:

City Manager:	C. W. Shelley

City Attorney:	Howard W. Cannon

City Clerk:	Shirley Ballinger

Absent:	City Engineer W. C. Anderson

Thereupon, the following proceedings, among others, were duly had and taken.

MINUTES	Commissioner Peccole moved the minutes of April 23 and 25, 1951 be approved by reference

	with the following correction of the minutes of April 25, and the Mayor and City Clerk

authorized to sign same:

PUBLIC HEARING      Commissioner Moore moved the Board of its own motion order a

public hearing on the 16th day of May, 1951 to determine whether
or not a minimum building area restriction of 1,000 square feet
be imposed in the R-E zone of the Zaugg Tract lying between J
and K Streets and a minimum building area of 1200 square feet
between K Street and Highland Avenue.

At this time Commissioner Moore left the meeting.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner

Moore.

PAYROLL WARRANTS	Commissioner Bunker moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 1197 to 1199 inclusive in the net

	amount of $25,870.12 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner

Moore.

At this time Commissioner Moore returned to the meeting.

SERVICE & MATERIAL	Commissioner Whipple moved that Service and Material Warrant No. 2089 in the total amount

WARRANTS	of $13,064.09 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

	Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

AGREEMENT - Clark County         The agreement with the Clark County Humane Society was tabled until the next regular
Humane Society	meeting.

STREET DEDICATIONS -	Commissioner Whipple moved the matter of the dedication of streets to the City by James

James L. Filey	L. Filbey be referred to the City Manager.

	Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

GARBAGE CONTRACT -	Commissioner Moore moved the letter from Nevada Sanitation expressing their desire to

Option of Nevada	exercise their option for renewal of the Garbage Contract was ordered filed and referred

Sanitation	to the City Manager.

	Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

RUSSELL TRACT - Revised          Commissioner Peccole moved the revised tentative map of the Russell Tract be approved.
Tentative Map

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

	Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

GAMING APPLICATIONS	Commissioner Whipple moved the following applications for additional gaming licenses for

Additionals	the second quarter of 1951 be granted:

O. W. Glenn	KATYDID BAR	113 North 1st	1 slot

E. Giorgetti &

Catherine Horden	THE WESTERNER	23 Fremont	1 Craps

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

New	Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Vegas Enterprises, The Famous Sandwich Shop,

	222 Fremont for license for six slot machines for the second quarter of 1951 be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.