U DRIVE APPLICATIONS	Commissioner Moore moved the application of G. W. Gwilliam, Hertz U Drive

for one additional U Drive be allowed.



Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

SERVICE & MATERIAL	Commissioner Moore moved that Service & Material Warrants Nos. 1947 to

WARRANTS	1952 inclusive in the total amount of $25,355.75 be approved and the

Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote: Commissioner Bunker, Moore, Peccole Whipple and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none.

APPROACH OUTFALL	Commissioner Whipple moved that partial payment in the amount of $57,30

Partial Payment	and $23,134.00 on the Approach Outfall Sewer to Paul Vukich be approved,

warrants issued and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; Commissioner
Moore passed his vote; noes, none.

ZONE VARIANCE #84	Commissioner Peccole moved that pursuant to the recommendations of the

H. Pracejus	Regional Planning Commission contained in their letter of May 22, 1950

recommending Zone Variance #84 allowing the conduction of a Children's
Day Nursery at 1806 Goldring to Mrs. Herbert Pracejus, be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none.

COMMISSIONERS IN	Commissioner Peccole moved the motion heretofore made on September 12, 1949

CHARGE OF DEPTS.	setting up various Commissioners over the City Departments be revoked and

the City Manager be in charge of all Departments.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

LOUD SPEAKER PERMITS	Commissioner Moore moved the City Manager be delegated the power to issue

permits to those needing permits to use load speakers, who are eligible
	for such a permit.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at this time
Commissioner Moore moved this meeting adjourn until June 7, 1950 at the
hour of 3:00 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
hoes, none.

Las Vegas, Nevada
May 24, 1950

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO: SHIRLEY BALLINGER, City Clerk
Las Vegas, Nevada

A Special Meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas is
hereby called to be held in the Council Chambers at the City Hall, on the
24th Day of May, 1950, at the hour of 3:00 P.M. to consider the following
matters:

1. Public Hearing an Assessment Roll on Assessment District #100-7

2. Emergency Ordinances on Assessment Districts Nos. 100-2, 100-4 & 100-6

3. Bonding Ordinance on Meadows Addition Sewer.

s/ E.W. Cragin

E. W. CRAGIN