Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PROPOSED TRUCK ROUTE Commissioner Bunker moved on the matter of the proposed truck highway the 80 feet
right of way deeds submitted be accepted and 10 foot set back be required for all
buildings located on the proposed highway, and the Building Inspector be so noti-
fied of this requirement.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

SUNRISE ACRES SCHOOL	The request of the Las Vegas Union School District for additional land for the Sun-

Request for Addn'l	rise Acres School, as recommended by the Regional Planning Commission, was pre-

Land	sented for consideration at this time.

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission
that the Las Vegas Union School District be granted an additional parcel of land
approximately two acres in area, for the Sunrise Acres School be approved reser-
ving, however, fifty feet on the south boundary of the National Guard Armory
site for street purposes and further reserving sufficient area for the extension
of 26th Street on the east side of the granted property.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

VARIANCE APPLICATION The recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission dated January 8, 1952 on the
Willie Conway	application for variance of Willie Conway to permit the enlargement of a single

	family residence into a two family residence at 1523 G Street, being lot 6, Block

26, H. F. M. & M Addition, was presented to the Board for their consideration.

Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission
be approved and the following resolution adopted: 

 resolution

WHEREAS, on the 27th day of November, 1951, Willie Conway filed an application with
the Regional Planning Commission to enlarge a single family residence into a two-family re-
sidence in an R-1 (Single Family Residence) Use District described as Lot 6, Block 26, H. F.

M. & M. Addition; and

WHEREAS, on January 3, 1952, the Regional Planning Commission held a public hearing
on this application for variance, at which time no objections were raised and no communica-
tions protesting the granting of said variance were received; and

WHEREAS, on January 3, 1952, the Regional Planning Commission approved such applica-
tion for variance on the ground that such variance would not result in material damage to
other property in the vicinity or be detrimental to the public welfare; and

WHEREAS, such decision of the Regional Planning Commission was filed with the Board
of City Commissioners on January 8, 1952, recommending that such variance be granted,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the recommendation of the Regional Planning Com-
mission that Willie Conway be granted permission to enlarge a single family residence into
a two-family residence in an R-1 (Single Family Residence) Use District, located on Lot 6,
Block 26, H. F. M. & M., Addition, be and the same hereby is approved, provided, however,
that the privileges granted be utilized in accordance with the time limit provided by
ordinance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT        Commissioner Peccole introduced and moved the adoption of the following resolution,
NO. 100-6	which was thereupon read in full, and at length, and is as follows:

Award of Bid on Bonds

	Resolution

WHEREAS, due and legal notice has been given and published that the Board of Com-
missioners of the City of Las Vegas proposes to sell and invites proposals for the purchase
of $108,830.71 of its Assessment District No. 100-6 Street Improvement Bonds, Series of
December 1, 1951; and

WHEREAS, said bids have been opened on this 16th day of January, 1952, in accord-
ance with said notice; and

WHEREAS, it appears that the bid of FIRST NATIONAL BANK OF NEVADA, and associates,
is the highest and best bid for said bonds;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED BY THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS
VEGAS, NEVADA:

That the bid and offer of said FIRST NATIONAL BANK OF NEVADA and its associates,
whereby said bidders agreed to purchase said bonds, bearing interest at a rate of Four per 
centum (4%) per annum, for the principal amount thereof, accrued interest to the date of
delivery, and a premium of $271.00, is the highest and best bid submitted for said issue
of bonds and the same should be, and hereby is, accepted, and said bonds are awarded to
the said FIRST NATIONAL BANK OF NEVADA and its associates.

It was then moved by Commissioner Peccole and seconded by Commissioner Jarrett
that all rules of this Board which might prevent, unless suspended, the final
passage and adoption of the foregoing resolution at this meeting be, and the same
are hereby suspended for the purpose of permitting the final passage and adoption
of said resolution at this meeting.