Section 7. That all by-laws, orders, resolutions and ordinances, or parts of by-laws,
orders, resolutions and ordinances, .in conflict with this ordinance., are hereby repealed.

Section 8. That if any one or more sections, sentences, clauses or parts of this or-
dinance shall, for any reason, be questioned or be held invalid, such judgment shall not affect,
impair or invalidate the remaining provisions of this ordinance, but shall be confined in its
operation to the specific sections, sentences, clauses or parts of this ordinance so held uncon-
stitutional and invalid, and the inapplicability and invalidity of any section, sentence, clause
or part of this ordinance, in any one or more instances shall not affect or prejudice in any way
the applicability and validity of this ordinance in any other instance.

Section 9. That by reason of the fact that the sewer system of the City of Las Vegas
is inadequate to meet the present and future needs of the City and its inhabitants and that it is
necessary immediately to raise funds to extend said sewer system, therefore, it is hereby declared
that an emergency exists, and that this ordinance is necessary for the immediate preservation of
the public peace, health and safety.

Section 10. That the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, shall cause this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immed-
iately following its final reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper
published in said City, and this ordinance shall, become effective immediately following the second
publication hereof.

PASSED, ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 25th day of October, 1950.



(SEAL)		MAYOR

ATTEST	

 City Clerk

Commissioner Whipple then duly seconded the motion to adopt the foregoing ordinance.

The question being upon the adoption of said ordinance, the roll was called with the
following result:

Those voting "Aye":

Commissioner Bunker
Commissioner Moore
Commissioner Peccole
Commissioner Whipple, and
Mayor Cragin

Absent:	None

Those voting ''Nay":	None

Thereupon, the presiding officer declared said motion carried and the ordinance duly
passed and adopted.

It was then moved by Commissioner Peccole and seconded by Commissioner Whipple that
rules of this Board which might prevent, unless suspended, the final passage and adopt-
ion of this ordinance at this meeting be and the same are hereby suspended for the pur-
pose of permitting the final passage and adoption of said emergency ordinance at this
meeting.

The question being upon the adoption of said motion and the suspension of the rules, the
roll was called with the following result:

Those voting "Aye”:

Commissioner Bunker,

Commissioner Moore,

Commissioner Peccole,

Commissioner Whipple and,

Mayor Cragin
Absent:	None

Those voting "Nay":	None

The presiding officer declared said motion carried and the rules suspended.

Commissioner Peccole then moved that said ordinance heretofore introduced and read in
full at this meeting be now placed upon its passage. Commissioner Whipple seconded the
motion, and the question being upon the placing of said ordinance upon its passage, the
roll was called with the following result:

Those voting "Aye":

Commissioner Bunker,

Commissioner Moore,

Commissioner Peccole,

Commissioner Whipple, and
Mayor Cragin
Absent:	None

Those voting "Nay":	None