Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following
vote: Commissioner Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Bunker.

TWA - UNITED	The letter from Alexander Dicks regarding the request of TWA and United

AIRLINES	for extension of air service from Las Vegas to Los Angeles was read to the

Extension of Air                     Board.

Service

	Commissioner Whipple moved this matter be referred to the City Attorney

and that he report back the cost of legal services,and action be taken
as soon as possible.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following votes
	Commissioner Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,

none. Absent: Commissioner Bunker.

At this time a resolution adopted by the Las Vegas Chamber of Commerce
regarding the petition of Western Airlines for extended service from Salt
Lake City to Rapid City, South Dakota was read to the Board.

Commissioner Peccole moved that the aforementioned Resolution be accepted
as drawn up by the Chamber of Commerce and forwarded to the proper authorities
and to the Nevada Congressional delegation and the Governor.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following votes
Commissioners Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent: Commissioner Bunker.

SALE OF CITY	At this time Mr. Arnold appeared before the Board requesting an additional

PROPERTY	30 to 60 days before paying the full amount due on City Property sold to

	the Sun Valley Trailer Park Inc.

Commissioner Peccole moved that this matter be held in abeyance until August
1, 1951 meeting when there is a full Board present.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent: Commissioner Bunker.

OAKRIDGE TENTATIVE     The matter of the approval of the tentative map of Oakridge Subdivision was
MAP 	held in abeyance until July 18, 1951 meeting.

 VIOLATION OF BUILDING    The report from the Building Insepctor regarding the building code violation
CODE	of Cloyd Bennett was held over until next regular meeting July 18, 1951.

PARKING PROBLEM	At this time several members of the Las Vegas Chamber of Commerce were pre-

sent to discuss the downtown parking problem in Las Vegas. Discussion was
	held and thereafter the following motion was made.

Commissioner Peccole moved that this Board go on record to hire a traffic
engineer to survey and determine what it will cost to take care of this
matter; further that the City Manager take care of this and report back
to the Board.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent: Commissioner Bunker.

FIRE HYDRANTS AND	At this time the report from the Fire Chief regarding fire hazards and the

HAZARDS	installation of fire hydrants on North Main Street was read to the Board.

North Main Street

	It was decided that a fire hydrant should be placed as suggested by the

Fire Chief on Mesquite between Main and 1st Street, and also one place on
Bonanza in approximately the same position.

USE PERMIT -	At this time Mr. F.J. Purdy appeared before the Board requesting a Use Permit

F.J. Purdy	to allow him to store fire wood on the comer of E and Adams.

	Commissioner Jarrett moved this request be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent: Commissioner Bunker.

At the hour of 11:00 P.M. the meeting recessed for 15 minutes.

At the hour of 11:15 P.M. the meeting reconvened with all members present
as of the opening session.

LIQUOR APPLICATIONS     Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Twin Lakes Corp. dba Twin
Renewal	Lakes for a Restaurant Beverage liquor license for the third quarter of

	1951 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent: Commissioner Bunker.

Changes	Commissioner Whipple moved the application of the First Street Grocery,

Wing Fong, 631 South 1st for a Retail Beverage liquor license for the third
	quarter of 1951 be approved, subject to Police investigation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent: Commissioner Bunker.

LIQUOR APPLICATIONS Commissioner Peccole moved the application of George S. Norris, Katydid
Charges	Bar, 113 North 3rd for a Tavern Liquor license for the third quarter of

	1951 be approved subject to Police Investigation.