Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Chester S. Biele, Dairy Bar, 1525 Fremont
for a Restaurant Beverage license for the second quarter of 1952 be granted subject to
investigation by the Police Department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote; Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The application of the D & D Drive Inn for a Restaurant Beverage license was held in
abeyance until the meeting of April 2, 1952.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Bernard B. Provenzano, Sons of Columbus,

112 North 3rd Street for a Club Liquor license be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote; Commissioner
Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Peccole moved the application of Joan L. Scobes, Little Kitchen, 1608 Fre-
mont for a Restaurant Beverage, being a change of owner, be approved subject to investiga-
tion by the Police Department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Harry Levy, Food Center, 770 Fremont to change
his license from a Retail Liquor to a Retail Liquor Minature license be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of William J. Moore, Jr. EL Cortez Bar, 612
Fremont for a Tavern license, being a change of owner, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of M.C. Britton, Western Liquor Store, 6 E.
Charleston for a Retail Liquor (Mina.), being the deletion of his partner, Mark Garrett,
be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Peocole, Whipple and His Honor voting ate; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of E. Giorgetti, Westerner, 23 Fremont for a
Tavern license be approved subject to the filing of a letter from Mrs. Catherine Horden,
releasing her interest in this license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole , Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Peccole moved the application of C.R. Millhizer, El Rio Liquor Store, 1314
F Street for one additional slot machines for the first quarter of 1952 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Jarrett moved the liquor license of the Sunset Liquor Store be restored to a
package liquor license as of April 1, 1952 for the reason that the change was illegal.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett and His Honor voting aye; noes, Commissioner Peccole. Commissioner
Whipple passed his vote;

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Norman Khoury, Club Savoy for license for
54 slot machines for the second quarter of 1952 be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes; Commissioner Peccole.

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the City Manager as to the charging of
Contractors for street excavation in order that the City can repair the streets, be approv-
ed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the Hotels affected, the governing body of Paradise Town
A and the Board of County Commissioners be notified that the City is withdrawing from
furnishing any further sewer service to users outside the City Limits and those now con-
nected on the line will have a period of ninety days to make other arrangements at which
time the service will be discontinued.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the City Manager together with the Engineering Department be
instructed to proceed within the next ninety days with an over all sewerage extension
of facilities to cover the majority of sections that are not now being served with sewer
facilities and to rehabilitate the existing plant.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Jarrett moved that the Hotels affected, the governing bodies of Paradise
Towns A and B and the Board of County Commissioners be notified that the City is with-
drawing from furnishing any further fire protection outside the City Limits, and those
having this service available will have a period of ninety days to make other arrange-
ments after which time service will be discontinued.

Changes

GAMING APPLICATION
1st Quarter

LIQUOR LICENSE
Sunset Liquor Store

GAMING APPLICATION
Club Savoy

REPAIR TO STREETS

SEWER SERVICE
DISCONTINUED

 EXTENSION OF SEWER
SERVICE

FIRE PROTECTION
Discontinued