SERVICE & MATERIAL	Commissioner Peccole moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos. 2240 to

WARRANTS	2244 inclusive in the total amount of $59,326.71 be approved and the Mayor

	and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following votes Commis-
sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent: Mayor Baker.

MINUTES	Commissioner Bunker moved the Minutes of February 20, 21 and 27, 1952 be approved

by reference and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following votes Commis-
sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent: Mayor Baker.

PUBLIC HEARING - Rezoning 	 This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the proposed rezoning

Beverly Green Tract	from R-1 (Single. Family Residence) to R-4 (Apartment Residence) of the following

described property:

The east one hundred and forty (140) feet of the west three
hundred and fifty (390) feet of the NE¼ of the SW¼ of Section
3, Township 21 South, Range 61 East, M.D.B. & M., extending
between Oakey Boulevard and St Louis Street which will be
Lots 1 to 7, inclusive, Block 3, and Lots 1 to 13, inclusive,

Block 3 of the Beverly Green Tract.

His Honor asked if there was anyone present who wished to protest this proposed
rezoning. There were no objections voiced.

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission
be accepted and the above described property re zoned from R-1 to R-4.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following votes Commis-
sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple vot-
ing aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor Baker.

BID NO. 52.4 - Gasoline	This being the time heretofore set for the opening of Bid No. 52.4, Gasoline, bids

were received from the following firms:

Joe Cardinal	Shell Oil Company	 Union Oil Co.

Signal Oil Co.	Richfield Oil Corp.

Commissioner Bunker moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager for
recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent: Mayor Baker.

RESOLUTION - Quitclaim Deed 	On motion of Commissioner Peccole, duly seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried
Wildcat Lair	unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED this 5th day of March, 1952, by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada that the deed dated
the 7th day of February, 1952, executed by the United States of America to the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property
described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions
as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
deed, and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

At this time Mayor Baker arrived at the meeting

REQUEST FOR EASEMENT	Commissioner Bunker moved the matter of the request of the Southern Nevada Power

Southern	Nevada Power Co.	Company for easement across City Property located on the Los Angeles Highway be

	referred to the City Manager to investigate and make a report at the next meeting.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

CITY AUDITING PROPOSALS	Commissioners Peccole and Whipple were appointed as a committee to meet with the

City Manager and make a recommendation to the Board on the proposals received for
auditing City Accounts for 1952.

CLAIM FOR DAMAGES	Commissioner Bunker moved the claim for damages in the amount of $10,000 filed by

Merrit & Jacqueline	Merrit and Jacqueline Tallman be referred to the City Attorney, the Insurance Ad—

Tallman	justor and the Contractor on Assessment District No. 100-6.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following votes Commis-
sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

VACATION OF ALLEY -	The opinion of the City Attorney on the vacation of the alley in Block 20, Ladd's

Block 20, Ladd's Addn.	Addition was read to the Board. -

Commissioner Bunker moved the City Manager contact the owners of this property and
secure a bond for the estimated-cost of moving the utilities in this block.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following votes Commis-
sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.