Mayor C. D. Baker

Commissioner Jarrett

Commissioner Peccole

Commissioner Whipple

City Manager C. W. Shelley

Assistant City Attorney Ralston Hawkins

City Clerk Shirley Ballinger

Absent: Commissioner Bunker

His Honor introduced Mr. Lindquist, Alderman of Butte, Montana who was
present at the meeting.

PUBLIC HEARINGS	This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the rezoning

Rezonings	from R-1 to R-3 of the following described property:

	Lots 24, 25, 26, 27 and 28, Block 19 of Wardie Addition

and Block 23, Pioneer Heights Addition, being that area
on the West side of 10th Street between Clark and
Bonneville.

His Honor asked if there was anyone present who wished to object to this
proposed rezoning. There was no one present who protested.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved the above described property
be rezoned from R-1 to R-3.	

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Bunker.

This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the re-
zoning from R-2 to R-3 of the following described property:

Lots 1 and 2, Block 22, 14th Street Addition and Lots
4 and 5 Martin Tract.

His Honor asked if there was anyone present who wished to object
to this proposed rezoning. There was no one present who protested.

Thereafter, Commissioner Peccole moved the above described property
be rezoned from R-2 to R-3.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting

age; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Bunker.

This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the re-
zoning from R-1 to R-2 of the following described property:

Lots 6 and 7 of Block 22, Original Townsite.

His Honor asked if there was anyone present who wished to object to
this proposed rezoning. There were no objections.

Thereafter Commissioner Peccole moved the above described property
be rezoned from R-1 to R-2.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Bunker.

Meadows Addition	This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the rezoning

of the following described property from R-2 to R-3:

	Lots 1-34, 35-41 in Block 9, Meadows Addition, Lots 1-10

Lots 10-30, Block 36, Lots 37-43, Block 1, Meadows Addition
and all of the semi-circle at the South end of Fairfield Ave.
of the Meadows Addition.

His Honor asked if there was anyone present who wished to object to this
proposed rezoning. There were no objections.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved the above described property
be rezoned from R-2 to R-3.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Bunker.

Buck's Subdivision	This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the rezoning

of the following described property from R-2 to R-3



Lot 10, Block 8, Buck's Subdivision

His Honor asked if there was anyone present who wished to object to this
proposed rezoning. There were no objections.

Thereafter Commissioner Peccole moved the above described property be
rezoned from R-2 to R-3.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none
Absent: Commissioner Bunker.