LIQUOR LICENSE	At this time a request that the license covering the location at

Transfer to new 	126 North 1st Street known as the Tivoli Tavern previously issued in
location	the names of Joyce Primrose Lane, Marvin M. Wells and Albert Jensen,

Tivoli Tavern	to issue this license in the names of Marvin M. Wells, Albert Jensen,

Duffy’s Tavern	Harry Farnow and Joe Schramm; said license to be transferred to

	707-709-711 South 5th to be know as Duffy’s Tavern, was presented to

the Board for their consideration.

Commissioner Whipple moved the transfer of the license be granted
subject to favorable investigation by the Police Department of the
new applicants.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,

Commissioners Bunker and Jarrett.

GARBAGE CONTRACT	Commissioner Peccole moved that bids be requested from all interested

Request for Bids	parties who want to bid on the City garbage collection contract, and

that said bids accompanied by a $500.00 deposit be opened on November 21,

	1951 at the hour of 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

SALARY INCREASE	Commissioner Jarrett moved the recommendation that Archie Wells, Police

	Sergeant be advanced from Step No. 3 to Step No. 4, Schedule 22, the same

being an increase from $322 to $341 per month, be approved effective November
16, 1951.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

LIQUOR LICENSE -	At this time the application of J. S. Pappas and George D. Zouganilas, 49er

Transfer	Club, 109 Fremont for a Tavern liquor license for the fourth quarter of 1951

Westside Tavern to	and a letter from August Messelod, Westside Tavern, 206 W. Wilson requesting

49er Club	the Board to transfer his liquor license to Messrs Pappas and Zouganilas were

presented to the Board for their consideration.

Commissioner Bunker moved the transfer of this license to J. S. Pappas and
George D. Zouganilas, 49er Club, 109 Fremont be approved subject to investigation
by the Police Department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Mayor Baker passed his vote.

NIMLO CONFERENCE	Commissioner Peccole moved the request of the City Attorney to attend the

City Attorney	NIMLO Conference in New York City on November 28, 1951 be approved and he be

allowed the sum of $500.00 for expenses.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

TWA-UNITED AIRLINES	Mr. Dave McCoig and Mr. William Chamberlain of the Chamber of Commerce ap-

Extension of Air Service             peared before the Board at this time regarding the cost of legal services
	involved in the request of TWA and United Airlines for extension of air

service from Las Vegas to Los Angeles.

Commissioner Peccole moved the City agree to expand up to $600.00
in this case of lifting the restrictions imposed by the Civil Aeronautics
Board in this area.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

CLAIM - Mrs. Mary	Commissioner Jarrett moved the City Attorney be authorized to attempt to

Madden	negotiate to compromise the claim of Mrs. Mary Madden at a sum not to exceed

 	   $500.00.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at this time
Commissioner Jarrett moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

City Clerk	Mayor