attached units, 1-bedroom apartments, in an R-3 (Limited Multiple Residence) Use
District on Lots 20, 21 and 22, Block 23, Wardie .Addition; and

WHEREAS, on March 27, 1952, the Regional Planning Commission held a
public hearing on this application for variance, at which time arguments were pre-
isented by all interested parties; and

WHEREAS, on March 27, 1952, the Regional Planning Commission unanimous-
ly voted to deny the application on the ground that this use would be detrimental
to the public welfare and depreciate property values in the adjoining area; and

WHEREAS, such decision was filed with the Board of City Commissioners
on April 1, 1952, recommending that such variance not be granted.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the recommendation of the Regional Plan-
ning Commission that the variance application of Wayne W. Kelley to construct two
rows of five attached units in an R-3 (Limited Multiple Residence) Use District be
denied, be and the same hereby is approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Com-

missioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor Baker.

VARIANCE APPLICATION 	Commissioner Peccole moved the following, resolution be adopted:.

Bill Rardon

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, on the 4th day of March, 1952, Bill Rardon filed an applica-
tion with the Regional Planning Commission to permit the construction of a motel
in an R-3 (Limited Multiple Residence) Use District on Lots 7 and 8, Block 17, Boul-
der Addition; and

WHEREAS, on March 27, 1952, the Regional Planning Commission held a public
hearing on this application for variance, at which time no objections were raised
and no communications protesting the granting of said variance were received; and

WHEREAS, on March 27, 1952 the Regional Planning Commission approved such
application for variance on the ground that such variance would not result in dam-
age to other property in the vicinity or be detrimental to the public welfare; sued

WHEREAS, such decision of the Regional Planning Commission was filed
with the Board of City Commissioners of April 1, 1952, recommending that such var-
iance be granted,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the recommendation of the Regional Plan-
ning Commission that Bill Rardon be granted permission to erect a motel in an R-3
(Limited Multiple Residence) Use District on Lots 7 and 8, Block 17, Boulder Addition,
be and the same hereby is approved, provided, however, that the privileges granted
be utilized in accordance with the time limit provided by ordinance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Com-

missioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent: Mayor Baker.

REZONING - Stewart	Commissioner Bunker moved the public hearing on	the rezoning of Stewart Avenue from

Avenue	Bruce to 25th Street from R-1 to R-2 and R-3 be set for May 7, 1952 at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Com-

missioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.
Absent: Mayor Baker.

MOSS SUBDIVISION	Commissioner Bunker moved that pursuant to the	 recommendation of the Regional Plan-

Tentative Map	ning Commission the Tentative Maps on Moss Subdivision, Tract Nos. 1, 2 and 3 be

Tract Nos. 1,2, & 3 approved.

	Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Com-

missioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent: Mayor Baker.

CHARLESTON VILLAGE - 		       Commissioner Bunker moved that pursuant to the recommendation of the Regional Plan-
Tentative Map	ning Commission the tentative map on Charleston Village Subdivision be approved.

	Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Com-

missioners Bunker, Jarrett and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes,
none. Commissioner Peccole passed his vote. Absent: Mayor Baker.

REZONING - Noblitt	Commissioner Bunker moved the public hearing on the rezoning of the Noblitt Addition

Addition	from R-1 to R-2 and R-3 be set for May 7, 1952 at 7:30 P.M.

	Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Com-

missioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent: Mayor Baker.

REZONING - Charleston 	Commissioner Peccole moved the public hearing on the rezoning of Charleston Village
Village 	Tract from R-l to R-2 and R-3 be set for May 7, 1952 at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Com-

missioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor Baker.

REZONING - Moss Tract 	   Commissioner Bunker moved the public hearing on the rezoning of the Moss Tract
from R-1 to R-2 and R-3 be set for May 7, 1952 at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Com-

missioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent: Mayor Baker.

ABOLISHMENT OF POSITION Commissioner Bunker moved that the recommendation of the City Manager that the posi-

Criminal Identification 	   tion of Criminal Identification Superintendent in the Police Department be abolished,
Superintendent