Bidders are required to submit a bid specifying (a) the lowest rate of interest and
premium, if any, above par at which the bidder will purchase said bonds; or (b) the
lowest rate of interest at which the bidder will purchase said bonds at par0 All of the
bonds shall bear one rate of interest, and said interest shall be payable by one or more
sets of coupons. The bonds will be sold to the bidder making the best bid, subject to the
right of the corporate authorities of the City of Las Vegas to reject any and all bids
and readvertise.

None of said bonds shall be sold at less than par and accrued interest, nor will
any discount, or commission be allowed or paid on the sale of such bonds. All bids,
shall be sealed and, except the bid of the State of Nevada, shall be accompanied by a
deposit of five per cent, either cash or certified check, of the amount of the bid,
which will be returned if the bid is not accepted; and if the successful bidder shall
fail or neglect to complete the purchase of said bonds within thirty days following the
acceptance of his bid, the amount of his deposit shall be forfeited to the City of Las
Vegas, and in that event, the corporate authorities of said City may accept the bid of
the one making the next best bid, or if all bids are rejected, such authorities may re-
advertise said bonds for sale. If there be two or more equal bids and such bids are
the best bids received, and are not less than par and accrued interest, the corporate
authorities will determine which bid shall be accepted.

The legality of the bonds will be approved by Messrs. Pershing, Bosworth, Dick
and Dawson, Attorneys at Law, Denver, Colorado, whose opinion, together with printed
bonds, will be furnished the purchaser without charge.

Dated at Las Vegas, Nevada, this 26th day of November, 1951.

Section 2. That all acts, orders or resolutions, or parts thereof, in conflict with
this resolution be, and the same hereby are, repealed.

Section 3. That the officers of said City be, and they hereby are, authorized and
directed to take all action necessary to appropriate to effectuate the provisions of this
resolution.

It was then moved by Commissioner Whipple and seconded by Commissioner Peccole
that all rules of this Board which might prevent, unless suspended, the final
passage and adoption of the foregoing resolution at this meeting be, and the
same are, hereby suspended for the purpose of permitting the final passage
and adoption of said resolution at this meeting.

The question being upon the adoption of said motion and the suspension of the
rules, the roll was called with the following result:

Those voting aye:	Commissioner Bunker

Commissioner Jarrett
Commissioner Peccole
Commissioner Whipple
Mayor Baker

Those voting nay:	None

All members of the Board of Commissioners having voted in favor of said motion,
the Mayor declared said motion carried and the rules suspended.

 Commissioner Whipple then moved that said resolution be now placed upon its
final passage and adopted. The question being upon the passage and adoption
of said resolution, the roll was called with the following result:

Those voting aye:	Commissioner Bunker

Commissioner Jarrett
Commissioner Peccole
Commissioner Whipple
Mayor Baker

Those voting nay:	None

The Mayor thereupon declared that all the Commissioners present having voted in
favor thereof, said motion was carried and the said resolution duly passed and
adopted.

There being no further business to come before the Board of Commissioners, Com-
missioner Bunker moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ATTEST:		APPROVED:

