Las Vegas, Nevada
July 1, 1950

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners held this 1st day of July, 1950
was called to order by His Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin at the hour of 10:00 A.M.
with the following members present: Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole,

Whipple; City Manager C. W. Shelley and City Clerk Shirley Ballinger. Absent:

City Attorney Howard W. Cannon.

CHIEF OF POLICE	Commissioner Peccole moved the recommendation of City Manager C. W. Shelley

Appointment	under date of June 30, 1950 that Mr. L. B. Maxwell be appointed Chief of Police,

be approved.



Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,

Commissioner Moore.

There being no further business to come before this special meeting, Commissioner
Bunker moved the meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Las Vegas, Nevada
July 7, 1950

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held this 7th day of July, 1950
was called to order at the hour of 4:10 P.M. by His Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin with
the following members present: Commissioners Moore, Peccole; City Manager C. W.

Shelley, City Attorney Howard W. Cannon and City Clerk Shirley Ballinger. Absent:
Commissioners Bunker and Whipple.

Commissioner Moore moved Payroll Warrants Nos. 1135 to 1137 inclusive in the net
sum of $21,372.34 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Com-

missioners Moore, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioners
Bunker and Whipple.

Commissioner Moore moved Service and Material Warrants Nos. 1968 to 1971 inclusive
in the total amount of $29,774.39 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk auth-
orized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Moore, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioners Bunker and Whipple.

At this time Mr. C. S. Wengert of the Southern Nevada Power Company appeared be-
fore the Board relative to the encroachment of the substation at 10th and Charleston
on the contemplated right of way reserved for the widening of Charleston Boulevard.

His Honor explained to Mr. Wengert that the Board was interested in determining
if the Power Company would remove their substation from this location if the City
gave them sufficient time, and if when moved the Power Company would deed the required
land for the proposed widening of Charleston Boulevard.

Mr. Wengert stated that his company was trying to obtain a new location for this
substation and if the City would give them notice and sufficient time to move
they would dedicate the required land for the Charleston Boulevard right of way.

Mr. C. Norman Cornwall, representing himself and property owners in the two hundred
block of South Tenth Street presented a petition dated July 7, 1950 to the Board of
Commissioners requesting the Board to revoke any building permit for alleged sub-
standard buildings moved into this district.

Discussion was held and Mr. Cornwall was informed that the Board would take this
matter under advisement.

Commissioner Peccole moved the request of Glen Tondevold, Square Deal Loan to
transfer his pawnshop license from 117 Fremont to 118 North 1st Street be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Moore, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioners Bunker and Whipple.

Commissioner Moore moved the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission
that the final subdivision map of Maryland Tract #2 be approved and the Mayor
and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

PAYROLL WARRANTS



SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS



SUBSTATION - 10th
& Charleston



PETITION - Buildings
on South 10th Street

PAWNSHOP LICENSE -
Square Deal Loan



MARYLAND TRACT #2