Commissioner Moore moved this matter be placed on this meeting's agenda.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Bunker, Moore, and Peccole; Mayor Cragin disqualified

himself because he is a property owner in this district, so passed his
vote: noes, Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Peccole moved the recommendation of the Regional Planning
Commission that the Land Use Plan be amended from R-A to R-l on property
located in the W½ of the NW¼ of Section 5, T21 S., T 61 E., be approved
and order made.

At this time Mr. Sherman Mason of the McNeil Construction Company appeared
before the Board and stated that he would like to again voice a protest
on the grounds that the lots are too small and this variance would be
detrimental to the City.

Mr. De Villiers was present representing the Veterans of Foreign Wars,
and said he felt Mr. Schroeder was doing a favor for these people who
could not afford large estates but who still wanted to live in a nice
district.

Thereafter Commissioner Moore seconded Commissioner Peccole's motion and
carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Moore and Peccole

voting aye; Commissioner Whipple and His Honor passed their votes; noes,
none.

NUISANCE COMPLAINT	At this time Mrs. Schlcesslin of 215 California Street appeared before

the Board to register a complaint of the nuisance and unsanitary condition
	of her neighbors who keep horses and a donkey on their premises.

Mrs. Schlcesslin was advised this matter would be taken care of by the
City Manager.

There being no further business to come before this special meeting, the
meeting adjourned.

Las Vegas, Nevada
May 22, 1950

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held this 22nd day of May,

1950 was called to order at the hour of 3:25 P.M. by His Honor Mayor E. W.

Cragin with the following members present: Commissioners Bunker, Moore,

Peccole, Whipple; City Manager C. W. Shelley, City Attorney Howard W.

Cannon and City Clerk Shirley Ballinger.

MINUTES	Commissioner Bunker moved the Minutes of May 5, 1950 be approved by reference

and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none

ACTING MEAT INSPR.	Commissioner Moore moved Dr. W. E. Steinmetz be appointed Acting Meat

Appointed	Inspector for the City of Las Vegas during the absence of Dr. W. R. Smith.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:

	Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,

none.

LIQUOR LICENSE	Commissioner Moore moved that pursuant to the favorable recommendation of the

Spic 'N Span	Police Department the application of Ben Kasson, Spic 'N Span, 10th and Fremont

for a Retail Restaurant Beverage license, be granted.

	Motion seconded by Commissioner by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the

following vote: Commissioner Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none.

LIQUOR LICENSE	Commissioner Moore moved that pursuant to the favorable recommendation of the

Coney Island	Police Department the application of Edward Crowder, Coney Island Cafe for

a Retail Restaurant Beverage license, be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.