Las Vegas, Nevada
February 14, 1951

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held this 14th day of February,

1951 was called to order at the hour of 3:45 P.M. by His Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin
with the following members present: Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple;

City Manager C. W. Shelley, City Attorney Howard W. Cannon and City Clerk Shirley
Ballinger.

MINUTES	Commissioner Peccole moved the minutes of February 7 and 9, 1951 be approved by refer-

ence and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

SERVICE & MATERIAL	Commissioner Whipple moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos. 2055 to 2057 inclu-

WARRANTS	sive and 2060 in the total amount of $11,244.48 be approved and the Mayor and City

Clerk authorised to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

GAMING APPLICATION	Commissioner Moore moved the application of O. W. Glenn, Sunset Liquor Store, 1027 South

Main for renewal of license for one slot machines for the first quarter of 1951 be ap-

proved.



Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote; Commissioners
Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;, noes, none.

IMPROVEMENTS ON	Commissioner Bunker moved the City Manager be requested to meet with property owners re-

WESTSIDE	questing improvements on Westside to ascertain what improvements are desired, and there-

after this matter be referred to the City Engineer for checking.



Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

LEAKAGE OF	WATER MAIN   Commissioner Moore moved the letter received from C. P. Nielsen relative to the leak in

	the water main in front of his property at 610 North 10th Street be referred to the City

Attorney.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

NOTICE OF SALE OF CITY      Commissioner Moore moved the notice calling for bids for the purchase of city property lo-
PROPERTY	cated on the Los Angeles Highway contain a provision that any broker or agent who brings

	in a bid acceptable to the City of Las Vegas receive 5% commission. Further that this

  notice also contain a provision allowing the City to reject any and all bids if they so
desire.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

REQUEST FOR PERMIT -           At this time a letter dated February 13, 1951 from the Veterans of Foreign Wars requesting
VFW	a free permit for a Mr. J. Nosanow to travel around the residential sections of the City

	and let children ride on a small whip assembled on the back of a truck was presented to

the Board for their consideration.

Commissioner Peccole moved this request be denied on the basis that the City has no auth-
ority to allow them to use the public streets.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PROPOSED ORDINANCES -     Commissioners Bunker and Peccole, committee for report on the proposed ordinances on Race
Race Horse Book and                    Horse Book and Race Horse Wire Service asked for additional time before reporting.

Race Horse Wire Service



NAME OF ROAD	At this time the letter of C. L. Irwin regarding the name of Highway Pass, now called Mojave Road,

was read to the Board.

Commissioner Peccole moved Mr. Irwin be notified that this matter is not under City juris-
diction and recommended that he contact the County Commissioners.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

CIGARETTE LICENSE	Commissioner Peccole moved the application of the First National Bank and Dave Wolzinger,

	Thrifty Liquor, 28 Fremont for a license for the Retail Sale of Cigarettes and Tobacco

Products for 1951 be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Whipple passed
his vote.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at this time Commissioner Bunker
moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:



	City Clerk	                   Mayor