PROPOSED ORDINANCE	Commissioners Peccole and Whipple, committee for recommendation on the pro-

Plumbing Code	   	        posed ordinance adopting the Plumbing Code, requested additional time before 

	reporting.

GAMING APPLICATIONS	Commissioner Peccole moved the following applications for gaming license for

4th Quarter 1951	the fourth quarter of 1951 be granted:

D & D DRIVE IN	C. R. Millhizer	520 North Main	2	slots	(New location)

GOLDEN NUGGET INC.	By:	C. C. King	129 Fremont	1	"21"	(Additional)

SUNSET LIQUOR STORE	Del Barkhuff	1027 South Main	1	slot	(New location)

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

LEROY'S CHILI KING	Mr. Harry Claiborne appeared before the Board at this time on behalf of Mr. William

Revocation of License	D. LeRoy owner of LeRoy's Chili King Cafe, 127 South 2nd Street concerning the re-

vocation of his health permit and subsequent revocation of his business license
	by the City Clerk.

Commissioner Peccole moved that upon the issuance of a Health Permit by the Health
Department, the City Clerk be instructed to reinstate the City license for the
operation of LeRoy's Chili King Cafe, 127 South 2nd Street.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

GARBAGE CONTRACT	Commissioner Peccole moved the Garbage Contract be awarded to the Southern Nevada

Disposal Service Inc. and that the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same
	with the amended changes as follows:

Paragraph 6 - 	The bond to insure the collection of garbage be in
the amount of $5,000 and the bond to insure proper
operation and maintenance of the dump be $5,000.

Paragraph 21 - In the event the City elects to rent the equipment
of the Contractor, the period of rental shall be
determined by mutual agreement between the contractor
and the City of Las Vegas.

Paragraph 1	- The date be inserted at the time the Contractor is

ready to proceed in the garbage operation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PLUMBERS EXAMINING	Commissioner Whipple moved the matter of appointing the Plumber's Examining Board

BOARD	be deferred until January 2, 1952.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

POLICE CARS -	Commissioner Peccole moved that the City approve the contract with Tanner Motor

Tanner Motor Tours	Tours dram up by the City and recommended by the City Manager for the furnishing

of cars for the Police Department on a rental basis, to be effective at the ear-
liest date possible, and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time His Honor Mayor Baker left the meeting, and Commissioner Whipple
took the chair as Mayor Pro Tem.

USE OF ASBESTOS PIPE	At this time the recommendation from the Plumber's Examining Board dated December

Recommendation of	18, 1951 concerning the use of Johns Mansville asbestos pipe for house sewer lines

Plumber's Examining	and for dray vent stacks, was read to the Board.

Board

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the Plumbers Examining Board be ac-
	cepted and the Plumbing Inspector be instructed to notify Contractors that asbestos

pipe can be used.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent: Mayor Baker.

ZONE VARIANCE -	Commissioner Bunker moved the application of R. J. Kaltenborn for variance to permit

R. J. Kaltenborn	the construction of offices, service departments and apartments on the southeast

corner of Hoover Avenue and 4th Street in an R-3 District, as recommended by the
	Regional planning Commission in their letter dated December 3, 1951, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent: Mayor Baker.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at this time, Commis-
sioner Bunker moved this meeting recess until December 27, 1951 at the hour of
7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent: Mayor Baker.

ATTEST:		APPROVED:

------