STREET IMPROVEMENT    At this time bids were opened from the following firms for street
Oakey Bird	improvement of Oakey Boulevard from Main to 5th Street:

	J. M. Murphy Construction Co.	$3,500.

Wells Cargo, Inc	4,338.20

Fred Callihan, Jr.	1,207.50

This bid was for the concrete work only, curbs and gutters.

Commissioner Peccole moved pursuant to the recommendation of the
City Manager the bid of J. M. Murphy Construction Co. being the
low bid in the amount of $3,500. be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Bunker.

PARTIAL PAYMENT	Commissioner Whipple moved the request of Wells Caro, Inc. for

Assessment District	partial payment of $21,674.03 on Assessment District No. 100-2,

No. 100-2	be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign the

warrant when drawn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Bunker.

FINAL PAYMENT	Commissioner Whipple moved the request of Albright's Courtesy Electric

Assessment District                for final payment of $732.63 for the Electrolier portion of Assessment
No. 100-3	District No. 100-3 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized

to sign the warrant when drawn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent: Commissioner Bunker.

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING On motion of Commissioner Whipple, duly seconded by Commissioner Peccole
DEED	 and carried unanimously, the following resolution was adopted and

Pauline Kline                    order made:

	resolution

BE IT RESOLVED, this 13th day of June, 1951, by the Board of
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that
	the deed, dated the 24th day of April, 1951, executed by Pauline Kline to the

	City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real

property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and
intentions as therein set forth; and,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached
to said deed, and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder
 of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

OFFICIALS BONDS	Commissioner Peccole moved that pursuant to the recommendation of the

 City Engineer the bonds of the newly elected officials be approved.



Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent: Commissioner Bunker.

PUBLIC HEARING DATE	Commissioner Whipple moved that the public hearing date for the

CHANGED	rezoning of the Zaugg Tract and the hearing on the minimum building

Zaugg Tract	area requirements in certain portions of this tract heretofore set

for July 11, 1951 at 7:30 P.M. be changed to July 18, 1951 at 7:30 P.M.



Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting
aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Bunker.

SOUTHERN NEVADA POWER At this time Mr. L. Compton of the Southern Nevada Power Company and Mr.

COMPANY	      George Rudiak, representing Dr. Levon Kassabian were present at the

San Francisco Sub-                       meeting regarding the additional transformers desired at the substation
Station	       located on San Francisco Street.

	Mr. Compton stated that this matter was going to be resubmitted te

the Planning Commission at their meeting scheduled for June 15, 1951.

Discussion was held on the issuance of a building permit for the
construction of a control house at this location. Mr. Rudiak claimed
that this permit was issued in violation of the ordinances and requested
that the same be revoked.

Commissioner Peccole moved the City Manager be authorized to notify
the Building Inspector to withdraw this building permit until this
matter is straightened out and the money paid for this permit be
refunded.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, Commissioner
Jarrett; Absent: Commissioner Bunker