Absent:	City Attorney Howard W. Cannon

Commissioner Wendell Bunker

PAYROLL WARRANTS	Commissioner Whipple moved that Payroll Warrants Nos, 1282 to 1285 inclusive in the net

amount of $29,481.57 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner

Bunker,

MINUTES	Commissioner Whipple moved the Minutes of March 5 and 11, 1952 be approved by reference

and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner

Bunker,

PUBLIC HEARINGS	This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the proposed rezoning of the

Charleston Rezoning	following described property:

	1) From R-3 (Limited Multiple Residence) Use District to C-1 (Limited

Commercial) Use District of Lots 13 to 22, Block 14, South Addition.

2)	From R-3 (Limited Multiple Residence) Use District to C-2 (General
Commercial) Use District of Lots 7 to 12, Block 7, Boulder Addition,

Lots 1 to 12, Block 13, Boulder Addition, Lots 15,16 and 22, Block 2,

South Addition and the vacated portion of Coolidge Street lying east-
erly of 14th Street and Lot D Park Place Tract, and Lots 15 and 16,

Block 16, Boulder Addition,

3)	The general rezoning of Charleston Boulevard, and both sides thereof,
between South Main and South 5th Streets,

His Honor asked if there was anyone present who wished to object to these proposed re-
zonings.

Mr. Marion Earl, representing several property owners in South 3rd Place appeared before
the Board protesting the rezoning to commercial use the east and west portions of this block
in the Beckley Addition,

Thereafter Commissioner Jarrett moved the rezoning of this block of the Beckley Addition be
held up until there was a full Board present.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner-

Bunker.

Commissioner Jarrett moved the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission be ap-
proved and the following described property be rezoned:

From R-3 (Limited Multiple Residence) Use District to C-1 (Limited
Commercial) Use District of Lots 13 to 22, Block 14, South Addition,

From R-3 (Limited Multiple Residence) Use District to C-2 (General
Commercial) Use District of Lots 7 to 12, Block 7, Boulder Addition,

Lots 1 to 12, Block 13, Boulder Addition, Lots 15, 16 and 22, Block
2, South Addition and the vacated portion of Coolidge Street lying
easterly of 14th Street, and Lot D Park Place Tract, and Lots 15 and
16, Block 16, Boulder Addition.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner

Bunker.

Orvy Clark Rezoning	This being the time heretofore set for the appeal on the decision of the Regional Planning

Commission on the application of Orvy W. Clark for the rezoning from R-1 (Single Family
Residence) Use District to C-2 (General Commercial) Use District of the following described
property:

N½, SW¼, SW¼, SW¼; and N½, SE¼, SW¼ lying south of Fremont, Section
35, Township 20, Range 6l, MDB&M,

His Honor asked Mr. Clark to appear before the Board,

Mr. Harry Austin, representing Mr. Clark was present and requested the Board to give this
request favorable consideration.

Mr. Truman Hinkle, representing the property owners in this vicinity appeared before
the Board and presented a petition, protesting this rezoning.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the Regional Planning
Commission be approved and this application for rezoning denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner

Bunker.

Shadow Lane, Hastings	This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the proposed rezoning from

Avenue & Palomino Lane	R-E (Residence Estates) Use District to R-1 (Single Family Residence) Use District of

the following described property: