A recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held tBis
9th day of May, 1952, was called to order at the hour of 4:30 P.M. by His Honor Mayor
C.D. Baker with the following members present;

Mayor	C.D. Baker

Commissioner       Rex A. Jarrett	

Commissioner       William Peccole
Commissioner       Reed Whipple

City Manager C.W. Shelley
Assistant

City Manager Dora Lord

City Attorney Howard W. Cannon
City Engineer C.C. Beyer
City Clerk Shirley Ballinger

Absent;	Commissioner Wendell Bunker

The Mayor announced that this was the time and place designated for the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada to meet and hear and consider any suggestions and objections
that may be made by parties in interest to the proposed improvements, or any matters relating
thereto, in the proposed Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-17 in said City as
provided in Emergency Ordinance No. 485 passed and adopted and approved the 29th day of
April, 1952, and the notice prescribed therein. The Mayor then asked if any written ob-
jections, suggestions or comments concerning said District had been filed in the office of
the City Clerk. The City Clerk answered that no objections, suggestions or comments con-
cerning said District has been filed in her office prior to said meeting and she filed a
certificate with the Board of Commissioners to that effect.

The Mayor then publicly asked if anyone desired to make any objection, suggestion or comment,
or raise any question, concerning said District.

Mrs. Edith Price stated that she objected the improvement until 5th Place has been paved
north. Mrs. Price was told that this property was being subdivided and paving would be
done by the Subdivider. Mr. W. E. Ferron stated that he objected only to the widening of
5th Place. Mr. Dick White appeared protesting this improvement on New York Street because
of the numerous trucks that use this street.

Thereupon, Commissioner Jarrett moved the City Attorney be directed to prepare an ordinance
creating said District and to take such steps as were necessary to effectuate the provisions
of said Emergency Ordinance No. 485, passed, adopted and approved the 29th day of April,1952.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioner

Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner

Bunker.

The Mayor announced that this was the time and place designated for the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, to meet and hear and consider any suggestions and object-
ions that may be made by parties in interest to the proposed improvements, or any matters
relating thereto, in the proposed Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-16 in said
City as provided in Emergency Ordinance No. 484 passed and adopted and approved the 29th day
of April, 1952, and the notice prescribed therein. The Mayor then asked if any written
objections, suggestions, or comments concerning said District had been filed in the office
of the City Clerk. The City Clerk answered that no objections, suggestions or comments
concerning said District had been filed in her office prior to said meeting and she filed
a certificate with the Board of Commissioners to that effect.

The Mayor then publicly asked if anyone desired to make any objection, suggestion or comment,
or raise any question, concerning said District.

Mr. Orvy Clark appeared before the Board and stated that he did not feet that the Board
should improve Bruce Street from Fremont to Charleston since they do not have the right of
way to this street.

Discussion was held on this matter and it was decided to delete any streets in the District
that the City does not have the right of way.

Thereupon, Commissioner Jarrett moved the City Attorney be directed to prepare an ordinance
creating said District and to take such steps as were necessary to effectuate the provisions
of said Emergency Ordinance No, 484, passed, adopted and approved the 29th day of April, 1952.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner

Bunker.

Commissioner Whipple moved the request of the owners of the Frontier Bar, 117 Fremont Street
for the addition of the name of Ernest Roberts to the liquor license .be approved subject
to investigation by the Police Department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the foil owing vote: Commissioners

Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent Commissioner
Bunker.

Commissioner Jarrett moved the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission-that
the Pioneer Outdoor Advertising Company be granted a variance to erect an illuminated bill-
board on the southeast corner of Bonanza Road and Tonopah Highway be approved and the
following resolution adopted:

 	RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, on the 26th day of March, 1952, Pioneer Outdoor Advertising Company
filed an application with the Regional Planning Commission for a variance t o allow the
erection of an illuminated billboard on the southeast comer of Bonanza Road and Tonopah
Highway in an RE (Residence Estate) Use District; and

WHEREAS, on April 10, 1952 the Regional Planning Commission held a public hear-
ing on this application for variance, at which time no objections were raised and no com-
munications protesting the granting of said variance were received; and

WHEREAS, on April 10, 1952, the Regional Planning Commission approved such

PUBLIC HEARING-
Assessment District
No. 100-17

PUBLIC HEARING -
Assessment District
No. 100-16

LIQUOR LICENSE -
Addition of Name
Frontier Bar

VARIANCE APPLICATION
Pioneer Outdoor Adv.