 Las Vegas, Nevada
May 5th, 1950

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held this 5th day of May, 1950 was
called to order at the hour of 3:10 P.M. by His Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin with the
following members presents Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple; City
Manager C. W. Shelley and City Clerk Shirley Ballinger. Absent: City Attorney

Howard W. Cannon.

PAYROLL WARRANTS	Commissioner Moore moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 1123 to 1125 inclusive in the

net sum of $24,964.71 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.



Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PUBLIC HEARING - LAND	This being the time set for public hearing on a proposed amendment to the Land Use Plan

Use Plan Amendment	of property located in the W½ of the NW¼ of Section 5,T21S.,T6lE. from Ra to R-l

Mel Schroeder Property	as approved by the Regional Planning Commission on March 28, 1950.

	His Honor stated that because he was a property owner in that district, he would like

to disqualify himself and asked Mayor Pro Tem Whipple to take over this hearing.

A t this time Howard W. Cannon, City Attorney, arrived.

His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple read the notice of public hearing and asked if there
were any present who wished to object to this amendment.

Thereafter the following gentlemen entered a protest to this proposed amendment on the
grounds that it would materially depreciate the value of their property:

Mr. Jack Hassett	Mr.	Belmont

Mr. Bert O'Donnell	Mr.	Baldwin

Mr. William Hinson	Mr.	Lee Glenn

Mr. Gerhart	Judge Marshall (On behalf of himself and

Mr. Porter	Mr. Fong and

McNeill Housing, by:	James Cashman

Sherman Mason

At this time Mr. Mel Schroeder, petitioner for the amendment spoke on behalf of the
change.

Thereafter Commissioner Moore moved this matter be taken under advisement.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Mayor Cragin passed his vote.

WATER SUPPLY	Mr. Reed Wittwer appeared before the Board at this time relative to the Water supply

in the City of Las Vegas. Mr. Wittwer protested the building of large hotels and motels
with swimming pools and stated that he felt the Las Vegas Land and Water Company should
	drill more wells.

Mr. Wittwer was informed that this was a matter to take up with the Las Vegas Land and
Water Company and the Public Service Commission. The Board of Commissioners has no
jurisdiction over same.

MINUTES	Commissioner Moore moved the minutes of April 21 and 25, 1950 be approved by reference

and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.



Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

SERVICE & MATERIAL

WARRANTS	Commissioner Moore moved that Service & Material Warrants Nos. 1939 to 1945 inclusive in the

total sum of $20,975.88 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.



Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

NEVADA CITIZEN'S	Commissioner Peccole moved the Nevada Citizen's Committee be allowed to use the Wildcat

COMMITTEE	Lair on May 16, 1950 for a Town Meeting and charge only for the janitorial expense.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

	Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

SEWAGE PLANT	Commissioner Peccole moved the letter from Ralph W. O'Neill on an operator for the new

OPERATOR	Sewage Disposal Plant be referred to the City Manager for handling.

	Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

GAMING APPLICATIONS	Commissioner Moore moved the following renewal gaming applications be granted:

Renewals

	BONANZA LIQUOR STORE Raymond Salmon 418 W. Bonanza	3 slots

CLUB CAFE	H.	Levy	119	Carson	3	slots

LARNIN DRUG STORE	I.	J. Larnin	812	South 5th	3	slots

THE MARKET SPOT	H.	Levy	117	Carson	4	slots

PATSY'S CAFE	O.	W. Glenn	1039 South Main	1	slot