WHEREAS, the City Attorney has advised that such notice given complies with the
Charter of the City of Las Vegas for Sewer Improvement Bonds,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada, at a meeting thereof held on the 11th day of October, 1950, that notice of
withdrawal of the bid of Hannaford and Talbot be accepted, and that the City Clerk be and she
is hereby authorized to publish notice for the resale of the said bonds in their present form
and without the necessity of an approving opinion of bonding attorneys.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

GAMING APPLICATIONS	Commissioner Moore moved the following applications for gaming licenses

Changes	for the fourth quarter of 1950 be granted:

               C.C. McGovern	LOG CABIN BAR	122 North 1st	1 slot

D.M. Hoopes & L.L. Brown        1ST STREET GROCERY	631 South 1st	2 slots

D.M. & Wm. Hoopes &

L.L. Brown	H & B GROCERY	1619 Fremont	2 slots

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

CONTRACT - Care of Federal               Commissioner Moore moved the extension of the contract with the Government
Prisoners	for the care of Federal Prisoners in the City Jail be approved and the

	Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

There being no further business to come before this meeting, Commissioner
Bunker moved this meeting adjourn until October 18, 1950.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

Las Vegas, Nevada
October 18, 1950

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Clark County, Nevada, was held on Wednesday the 18th day of October, 1950,
at the hour of 4:00 o'clock, P.M., at the City Hall, being the regular
meeting place of said Board, at which meeting there were present and ans-
wering the roll call, the following:

Mayor Pro Tem	Reed Whipple

Commissioner	Wendell	Bunker

Commissioner	William	Peccole

Absent:	Mayor E. W. Cragin

Commissioner Robert T. Moore

constituting all of the members of said Board. There was also present the
following:

City Manager	C. W. Shelley

Assistant City Attorney	Calvin Magleby

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

City Engineer	W. C. Anderson

Absent;		City Attorney Howard W. Cannon

Thereupon, the following proceedings, among others, were duly had and taken.

PAYROLL WARRANTS	Commissioner Peccole moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 1156 to 1158 inclusive

	in the net amount of $25,263.75 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk au-

	thorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent: Mayor Cragin and Commissioner Moore.

MINUTES	Commissioner Bunker moved the Minutes of September 22, 28, October 2 and 1950

	be approved by reference and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent: Mayor Cragin and Commissioner Moore.