STATE HIGHWAY DEPT.	Mr. Otis Wright of the State Highway Department was present at this

5th Street Lighting	time to discuss the proposed street lighting on 5th Street.

Mr. Wright requested the wishes of the Board as to the type of light
standard to be used on 5th Street from the South City Limits to the end
of the curb and gutter section, such location being a point approximately
across from the Garden Center.

Commissioner Peccole moved the Board go on record as desiring to conform
with the County as to the light standards to be used on 5th Street.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

SIDEWALKS	Commissioner Peccole moved the City Engineer be instructed to commence

work for making a cash Assessment District for ornamental lights and
	sidewalks from the South City Limits to an approximate location across

from the Garden Center on South 5th Street.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

STORM DRAINS	Commissioner Peccole moved the City accept the plans of the State Highway

Department for the storm drainage along San Francisco Street providing
the right of way can be secured.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

SALE OF CITY LAND	At this time Mr. Milton Keefer, representing the Sun Valley Trailer Park,

Sun Valley Trailer	Inc. appeared before the Board requesting that their money which is now

Park, Inc.	in escrow in the amount of $76,632.70 be accepted.

After discussion was held Commissioner Jarrett moved that the amount
offered by the Sun Valley Trailer Park In the amount of $76,632.70
be denied by the Commission and the $4,033.30 put up as a deposit be
forfeited and held by the City, and the property not sold.

This motion was not seconded at this time. More discussion followed and
Commissioner Bunker indicated that he would disqualify himself from
voting pursuant to reasons previously stated; that though he was no
longer associated with the Real Estate Broker handling this afore-mentioned
bid, he still would disqualify himself from voting.

Commissioner Whipple moved the offer made by the Sun Valley Trailer Park,
Inc. for City Property located on the Los Angeles Highway be accepted.

This motion died for lack of a second.

More discussion followed and thereafter Commissioner Peccole stated that
he would second Commissioner Jarrett's motion to deny the offer of the
Sun Valley Trailer Park for this property.

This motion carried by the following vote:

Those voting "Aye":	Commissioner Jarrett

Commissioner Peccole
Mayor Baker

Those voting "Nay": None

Those Passing their vote:	Commissioner Bunker

Commissioner Whipple

BUS SERVICE -	At this time Mr. John McNamee representing the Vegas Transit Co. appeared

Request to Increase	before the Board to request a five cent raise in bus fares. Mr. McNamee

Fares	explained to the Board the reason for this request was the contemplated

raise of the employees salaries. He further explained that Vegas Transit
	was not on a paying basis, and even after the raise in fare rates, the net

gain would be small.

Mr. William Carter of the Teamsters Union was present, and verified the
fact that the Bus Drivers were requesting a raise.

Commissioner Peccole moved the request of the Vegas Transit Bus Co. to
raise bus fares from 10¢ to 15¢ for each continuous ride be granted,
effective September 1, 1951 as an emergency measure with the further
provision that the City Commission shall have the authority to reduce
rates after a public hearing and after good cause, or increase the rates
in the future after public hearing and good cause shown.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes;
Commissioner Jarrett.

(Commissioner Jarrett stated that he voted no because he did not like
the way the financial report that was presented had been prepared.)

Commissioner Whipple moved that Vegas Transit be requested to publish
notice of the above mentioned increase of rates at least three times.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.