RESOLUTION -	Commissioner Peccole introduced and moved the following resolution be adopted:

Assessment District

No. 100-3	R E S O L U T I O N

Advertise for Bids
for Obstruction

 	WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas by Emergency Ordinance No. 432

passed, adopted and approved the 25th day of October, 1930, declared its determination to make certain
public improvements as therein provided, and fixed a time in which protests against the proposed impro-
                vements or the creation of such district might be heard and considered by said Board, and directed
notice thereof to be given, and

	WHEREAS, said Board determined that said notice was given in the manner prescribed by the

Charter of the City of Las Vegas, and

WHEREAS, the owners of more than one-half the frontage to be assessed have not filed written
objections to the creation of said district, and

WHEREAS, no objections, suggestions, comments nor questions were made or raised at the
protest hearing, and

WHEREAS, said Board by Ordinance No. 441 created Street Improvement Assessment District No.
100-3 for the purpose of making said improvements, and

WHEREAS, said Board has done all things necessary and preliminary to the letting of the con-
tract for doing the work and making said improvements.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas at a
regular meeting thereof held on the 20th day of December, 1950, that the City Engineer be and he is
hereby directed to give notice and advertise for bids for the furnishing of all labor, material,
transportation and services for making the improvements in Assessment District No. 100-3. Said
notice shall be published once a week for three successive weeks in the Las Vegas Review-Journal,
a daily newspaper published in said City. Said bids are to be filed with the said Board on or
before 3:30 P.M., on the 10th day of January, 1951, at which time they will be opened and publicly
read aloud.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

AMENDMENT TO LAND USE This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the proposed rezoning of the
PLAN	southerly 200 feet of Block M., Park Place Addition from R-1 to C-2, His Honor read the

Public Hearing	following notice of this hearing, the same having been published from December 4 to 19,

Park Place Addn	1950, inclusive:

	N O T I C E

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas is in receipt of a letter from the Regional Planning Commission recommending
an amendment to the Land Use Plan by rezoning the following described property from
R-1 (single family residence) to C-2 (general commercial), to-wit:

Southerly 200 ft. Block M, Park Place Addition.

That the Board of Commissioners of said City will hold a public hearing
on the rezoning of said property at a meeting to be held on the 20th day of Decem-
ber, 1950, at 3:30 P.M. of that date, in the Council Chambers in the City Hall, on
Stewart Avenue at the comer of North Fifth Street, in the City of Las Vegas, Nev-
ada, and after such public hearing at such meeting, will consider for adoption the
above mentioned change, as adopted by the Regional Planning Commission.

Thereafter His Honor asked if there were any persons present who wished to object to this
proposed rezoning. There were none.

Commissioner Moore moved that pursuant to the recommendation of the Regional Planning Com-
mission dated November 22, 1950, the above described property be rezoned from R-1 to C-2.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

SOUTHRIDGE TRACT #2          At this time Messrs. Howard and Hassett, subdividers of Southridge Tract No. 2 appeared
Final Map	before the Board requesting approval of the final map on this subdivision.



His Honor read the letter of recommendation from the Regional Planning Commission dated
December 13, 1950 concerning this map.

After considerable discussion Commissioner Bunker moved the final map on Southridge Tract
No. 2 be approved subject to the subdividers furnishing a performance bond.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

MINUTES	Commissioner Moore moved the minutes of December 13, 1950 be approved by reference and the

	Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

SERVICE & MATERIAL	Commissioner Moore moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos. 2032 to 2036 in the total

WARRANTS	amount of $19,975.92 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.