Further that this vacation be subject to the delivery to the City of
a deed for the extension of Fairfield from Cincinnati to San Francisco
Street and conditioned on the extension of the east-west alley in Block
9 from the Westerly end to connect with Fairfield.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent: Commissioner Bunker.

PUBLIC HEARING -           This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the re zoning
Rezoning of Robinson           of the following described property to C-2, the Notice of Hearing was read:
Property - Meadows

Addition	From R-3 (multiple dwelling) to C-2 (general commercial), Lots 1

through 10, Lots 30 through 36, Lots 37 through 43, of Block 1,

Meadows Addition to the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada.

Thereafter His Honor asked if there was anyone present who wished to protest
the rezoning of this property. There were no objections voiced.

Commissioner Peccole moved the above described property be rezoned from
R-3 to C-2.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;

noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Bunker.

VACATION - North 10th        This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the vacation
of a certain portion of North 10th Street between Ogden and Stewart
	Streets pursuant to recommendation of the Planning Engineer, dated

July 16, 1951, this matter was presented to the Board for consideration.

His Honor asked if there was anyone present who wished to protest the
vacation of this property. There were no objections voiced.

Thereafter Commissioner Peccole moved the vacation of the above described
property be approved and the following order adopted and the Mayor and
City Clerk authorized to sign same:

ORDER

A Petition, dated the 10th day of January, 1951, signed by three (3)
freeholders residing in the area affected, having been filed with the Clerk
of this Board, petitioning for the vacation of a portion of North Tenth Street
hereinafter described, and said Petition having been by Order of this Board
referred to the Planning Commission of the City of Las Vegas for its recom-
mendation in the premises, and said Planning Commission having filed its
report, dated July 16th, 1951, with this Board approving and recommending
said vacation;

And this Board, by an Order made at its regular meeting held on the 18th day
of July, 1951, set the 22nd day of August, 1951, at the hour of 7:30 o'clock
P.M. at the Commissioners' Room of the Board of Commissioners, in the War
Memorial Building, located at the Northwest Comer of Fifth and Stewart Streets,
in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, as the time and place for a
public hearing on said Petition and recommendation, and Ordered the City Clerk
to cause the aforesaid portion of street proposed to be vacated to be posted
with a Notice setting forth the time and place of the public hearing and the
extent of the proposed vacation;

And it appearing from the Affidavit of Charles V. Cudney, filed with the
Clerk of this Board, that the Notice provided for in said Order, a copy of
which notice is attached to said affidavit, was posted on the 23rd day of
July, 1951, in the manner prescribed by said Order;

And this being the time fixed for the hearing on said Petition for vacation
and the recommendation of the Planning Commission thereon, and this Board
having heard evidence in support of and there being no opposition to said
Petition and recommendation;

And it appearing to the satisfaction of this Board that the portion of the
street proposed to be vacated is no longer required for the public use and
convenience, that said vacation will inure to the benefit of the City of
Las Vegas, and that neither the public nor any person will be materially
injured thereby;

IT IS HEREBY ORDERED that the following portion of North Tenth Street as
recorded in Book 1 of Plats, Page 15, Clark County Records, to-wit:

That portion of North Tenth Street lying North of Ogden Street as
shown on map of Bucks' Addition, as recorded in Book 1 of Plats,

Page 15, Clark County Nevada Records, said portion to be vacated
lying west of North Tenth Street as now constructed,

be, and the same is hereby, vacated.