After considerable discussion, Commissioner Peccole moved that the
City Attorney be instructed to write a letter to J. A. Dunn, Nevada
Publishing Company, informing him that the matter had come to the
attention of the Board of Commissioners that he was collecting his
City License fee from the operators of Race Horse Books, and that
it was not the intention of this Board that this license fee be
passed on to his customers; further that his company must bear the
cost of their own quarterly license fees to the City of Las Vegas,
in accordance with Chapter 17 of the Las Vegas City Code.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Banker and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

The City Engineer recommended that the bid which meets the unit
bid as scheduled be awarded to the General Electric Supply Company
of Los Angeles in the amount of $19,574.23, for the installation
of street lighting facilities in Assessment District #100-7,

South Main Street Lighting.

Commissioner Moore moved that the bid be so awarded as recommended
by the City Engineer.

At this time Mr. William Urga of Clark County Electric appeared
to protest the foregoing recommendation of the City Engineer.

Mr. Urga stated that his bid on metal standards was as low as
other bidders and he felt that home town contractors should be
given some consideration. Mr. Colmey of Line Material in Los
Angeles, California confirmed Mr. Urga's statements and bid.

Mr. Murphy of the General Electric Supply Company of Los Angeles
informed the Board of his company's bid and interest in helping
the City of Las Vegas with this job.

Commissioner Moore withdrew his motion.

Commissioner Peccole moved that Items 1 to 6 inclusive on bid on
Assessment District #100-7 be awarded to the Clark County Electric
of Las Vegas and Items 7 to 14 inclusive be awarded to the General
Electric Supply Company of Los Angeles.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,

Commissioner Bunker. Commissioner Moore passed his vote.

Commissioner Moore moved that the recommendation of the City Manager
to reject the bid of Ousley Electric on Assessment District #100-3,
and the City do the work on force account, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the agreement with the State of Nevada
Highway Department regarding the extension of Oakey Boulevard
from South 5th Street to South Main be approved and the Mayor and
City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the Fire Chief to
install four additional fire hydrants in the following locations,
be approved:

1 hydrant on Lewis between Spencer and Circle Drive
         1 hydrant on Bonanza Road between 14th and 15th Streets
1 hydrant on 23rd Street between Elm and Poplar Streets
1 hydrant on Ogden between Cervantes and 21st Streets

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Peccole, duly seconded by Commissioner Moore
and carried unanimously the following resolution is adopted, and order
made:

BE IT RESOLVED this 12th day of June, 1950, by the Board Com-
missioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada,
that the deeds, dated January 4th, 1949, executed by Nate Mack,

Jennie Mack, Murray Wollman and Agnes Wollman to the City of Las
Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property
described therein be and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and
intentions as therein set forth; and,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be
attached to said deed, and that the same be recorded in the office
of the County Recorder of the County of Clark, State of Nevada,
and filed in the records of this Board.

Commissioner Whipple moved the deed between the City of Las Vegas and
 Henry Cleveland Schultz concerning that parcel of land situated in the NE¼
of the SE¼ of Section 17 T 21 S., R 61 E., M.D.B. & M, be approved and the
Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

BID AWARDED - #100-7
South Main St. Lighting



BID - Assessment
District #100-3
Rejected



AGREEMENT - State
Highway



FIRE HYDRANTS -

RESOLUTION - R/W Deed
Sest Charleston Blvd
Wollman and Mack



DEED - H. S. Schultz