assessment back to said Ex-officio City Assessor for revision, or annul it and direct a
new assessment, in which case the assessment shall be made anew.

Section 11. That when said special assessments shall be confirmed, the City Clerk
shall make an endorsement upon the roll showing the date of confirmation, which shall be in
substantially in the manner prescribed by the Charter of said City.

Section 12. That when the assessments shall be confirmed and approved as herein
provided, it shall be final and conclusive. The City Clerk shall thereupon deliver to said
County Assessor, acting Ex-officio City Assessor, the Assessment Roll as confirmed by the
Board of Commissioners, with her certificate of such confirmation, and of the date thereof.

The County Assessor, acting Ex-officio City Assessor, shall thereupon, without extra com-
pensation, record such Assessment Roll in his office, and append thereto his certificate of
the date of such recording, whereupon from said date all persons shall be deemed to have notice
of the contents of such Assessment Roll, and it shall be Prima Facie evidence in all courts
and tribunals of the regularity of all proceedings preliminary to the making thereof, and of
the validity of the assessment and the Assessment Roll.

Section 13. That all special assessments, assessed as aforesaid, shall from the
date of confirmation and approval thereof constitute a lien upon the respective lots or par-
cels of land assessed. The special assessments thereafter shall be and remain a lien on the
respective lots and parcels of land assessed until paid.

Section 14. That said assessments shall be due and payable at the office of the
County Treasurer of Clark County, Nevada, acting Ex-officio City Treasurer and Ex-officio
Tax Collector of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, within one week after said special assessment
roll is confirmed and approved, without interest and without demand; provided, that all such
assessments, or any part thereof, may, at the election of the owner, be paid in installments,
with interest, as hereinafter provided. Failure to pay the whole assessment, or any part
thereof, within said period of one week shall be conclusively considered and held an elec-
tion on the part of all persons interested, whether under disability or otherwise, to pay in
such installments. In case of such election to pay in installments, the unpaid assessments
shall be payable at the office of said Ex-officio City Treasurer in ten substantially equal
annual installments of principal, the first of which installments of principal shall be due
and payable on or before the 1st day of June, 1953, and the remainder of said installments
shall be due and payable successively on or before the same day in each year thereafter until
paid in full, with interest in all cases on the unpaid and deferred installments of principal
from the 1st day of June, 1952, at the same rate of interest as that provided for in the
special assessment bond to be hereafter authorized, sold, issued and delivered, but not to ex-
ceed seven per centum (7%) per annum, payable annually at the office of said Ex-officio City
Treasurer, the first annual payment of interest being due and payable on the said 1st day
of June, 1953, and the remainder of said annual installments of interest being due and payable
on the 1st day of June in each year thereafter. Failure to pay any installment, whether of
principal or interest, when due, shall cause the whole of the unpaid principal to become due
and payable immediately, and the whole amount of the unpaid principal and accrued interest
shall thereafter draw interest at the rate of ten per centum per annum, until the day of sale,
but at any time prior to the day of the sale, the owner may pay the amount of all unpaid in-
stallments, with interest thereon at ten per centum per annum, and all penalties accrued, and
shall thereupon be restored to the right thereafter to pay in Installments in the same man-
ner as if default had not been suffered. The owner of any property not in default as to any
installment or payment, may, at any time,pay the whole of the unpaid principal with interest
accruing thereon to the next Interest paying date,

Each assessment, together with Interest thereon, shall be placed on the tax roll
of Clark County on and against the several owners and premises, and the County Assessor of
Clark County, acting Ex-officio Assessor of the City of Las Vegas, is hereby authorized and
directed to enter the same on the tax roll of said County and to extend the same in a special
column for special assessments on said tax roll, and the County Treasurer of said County, the
Ex-officio City Treasurer and Ex-officio Tax Collector of the City of Las Vegas is hereby
authorized and directed to collect the same, all in the same manner and at the same time as
other State and County taxes are collected, except as herein specifically provided.

Section 15. That the special assessments, both principal and Interest, when col-
lected, shall be placed in a special fund to be known as "Street Improvement Assessment Dis-
trict No. 100-17 Bond Interest and Redemption Fund," and as such shall at all times consti-
tute a sinking fund for and deemed specially appropriated to the payment of the special ass-
essment improvement bonds and interest thereon, to be hereafter authorized, sold, issued and
delivered for the purpose of paying in part the cost or expense of said improvements; and
said fund shall be applied to payment for the improvements for which said assessments were
made, and shall not be used for any other purpose until said bonds and the Interest thereon
is fully paid.

Section 16. That after said assessment roll has been confirmed and approved, said
Ex-officio City Treasurer immediately shall notify each person known to said Ex-officio City
Assessor, whose name appears on said assessment roll, by United States of America mail, that
an assessment has been levied against said person and the designated property in said Street
Improvement Assessment District No. 100-17, and shall state therein when and where said ass-
essment is due and payable.

Section 17. That all action (not inconsistent with the provisions of this ordinance)
heretofore taken by the City of Las Vegas, and the officer of said City, directed toward the
paving, curbing, guttering and otherwise improving certain streets and parts of streets in
said Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-17, toward the creation of said District,
and toward levying and effecting special assessments to defray the entire cost thereof, be,
and the same is, hereby ratified, approved and confirmed.

Section 18. That all by-laws, orders, resolutions and ordinances, or parts of by-
laws, orders, resolutions and ordinances, in conflict with this ordinance, are hereby repealed.

Section 19. That if any one or more sections, sentences, clauses or parts of this
ordinance shall, for any reason, be questioned or be held invalid, such judgment shall not
affect, impair or invalidate the remaining provisions of  this ordinance, but shall be con-
fined in its operation to the specific sections, sentences, clauses or parts of this ordinance
so held unconstitutional and invalid, and the inapplicability and invalidity of any section,
sentence, clause or part of this ordinance, in any one or more instances shall not affect
or prejudice in any way the applicability and validity of this ordinance in any other instance.

Section 20. That by reason of the fact that the streets of the City of Las Vegas
are inadequate to meet the present and future needs of the city and its inhabitants and that
it is necessary immediately to raise funds to improve said streets, therefore, it is hereby
declared that an emergency exists, and that this ordinance is necessary for the immediate pre-