GAMING APPLICATIONS
New



GAMING APPLICATIONS
New



CHARLESTON SQUARE #4:

LIQUOR & GAMING -
Change of Ownership

 

CLARK COUNTY JOINT
BOARD OF HEALTH -
Agreement

Commissioner Peccole moved that the application of Earl E. Wilson, Associated Service
Station, 800 South Main for 2 slot machines arid C. Coley & A. Brumwell, Wilshire Sta-
tion, 232 Fremont for 1 slot machine be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the application of Robert Testolin, James Fare and Guido
Testolin, Fremont Tavern (Cinnabar), 122 North 2nd for 1 Roulette and 1 "21” game and
J. S. Pappas, White Spot Cafe, 109 Fremont for 1 Roulette, 1 "21" game and 1 craps be
denied because of the Resolution limiting gaming licenses issued.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Moore moved that the Mayor and City Clerk be authorized to sign the agree-
ment with Master Craft Homes, Inc. for Charleston Square No. 4.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the City Clerk be directed to notify all owners of gambl-
ing clubs, casinos, and bars that any change in ownership, membership of partners, asso-
ciations, officers or directors of a corporation, must be submitted to the Board of Com-
missioners for approval. Operation prior to such approval by the Board will be grounds
for revocation of the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His H0nor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the Mayor and City Clerk be authorized to sign an agree-
ment to create a joint Board of Health for the City of North Las Vegas, County of Clark
and the City of Las Vegas, and that this agreement be spread on the Minutes of the Board.

AGREEMENT

WHEREAS, the County of Clark, the City of Las Vegas, and the City of North Las Vegas,
all in the State of Nevada, desire to enter into a cooperative agreement pursuant to
Chapter 305 of the Statutes of'Nevada, 1949, to provide for the joint use of all health
equipment, facilities and services now owned separately by each of the parties hereto,
for the promotion and protection of the health and welfare of the inhabitants of Clark
County; and

WHEREAS, it is the desire of the Governing Bodies, signatory hereto, to create a
joint Board of Health for the administration of the aforementioned equipment, facili-
ties and services,

NOW THEREFORE:

1.	There is hereby created by this agreement a joint Board of Health to
be known as the CLARK COUNTY JOINT BOARD OF HEALTH, and which shall consist

of all members of the Board of Health of the City of North Las Vegas, all mem-
bers of the Board of Health of the City of Las Vegas, and all members of the
Board of Health of Clark County. The said Board of Health is hereby granted
the authority, power and jurisdiction to administer the equipment, facilities
and services mentioned in this Agreement, and to determine all policies for
the use and employment of said equipment, facilities and services and to make
all necessary rules and regulations in regard thereto for the purpose of pro-
moting the health and welfare of the inhabitants of Clark County.

2.	Each of the parties hereto does hereby agree to surrender to, and
place at the disposal of, the joint Board of Health, herein created, all fac-
ilities, equipment and services owned and/or operated by it, for the promotion
and protection of the health and welfare of the inhabitants of this City.

3.	Each of the Governing Boards of the municipalities, a party to this
agreement, shall, at the time of making their respective budgets, include
therein, estimates of the expenses necessary to carry out the terms of this
Agreement and budget the same in all respects as to the items included in such
respective budgets, in the respective percentages that may be determined by
the joint Board of Health created herein.

4. It is further agreed that the joint Health Board, herein created,
shall have the authority to enforce all rules and regulations now in effect
or hereafter promulgated by any and all of the municipalities, a party to
this agreement.

5. The joint Board of Health, hereby created is authorized to enter into
any joint participation agreements with the State or Federal Government for the
participation in or use of State or Federal funds and/or facilities for the pro-
motion of the public health and welfare of the inhabitants of this County.