Las Vegas, Nevada
June 7, 1950

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held this 7th day of
June, 1950 was called to order at the hour of 3:30 P.M. by His
Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin with the following members present: Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple; City Manager C. W. Shelley, Assistant City
Attorney Calvin Magelby and City Clerk Shirley Ballinger. Absent:

City Attorney Howard W. Cannon.

PAYROLL WARRANTS	Commissioner Whipple moved that Payroll Warrants No. 1129 to 1131 inclusive

in the net sum of $24,652.53 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk
	authorized to sign same.

Sparling Fowler & Murphy
Wells Cargo

Boulder Construction Company

Commissioner Whipple moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City
Manager and Comptroller for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor

voting "aye": noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved that since there were no bids received on the
electrical portion of Bid on Assessment District No. 100-3, that the
opening of these bids be deferred until June 7, 1950.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor

voting "aye"; noes, none.

HOUSING AUTHORITY	Commissioner Peccole moved Berkley L. Bunker be reappointed as

Appointment of	Commissioner of Housing Authority of the City of Las Vegas, said

Commissioner	appointment to be effective from June 6, 1950 when his original

appointment expires, for four years from said date.

	Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following:

Commissioners Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting "aye";
noes, none. Commissioner Bunker passed his vote.

MATTERS PLACED ON	Commissioner Whipple moved that gaming applications and two letters

AGENDA	with reference to change in partnerships of local clubs be placed on

	the agenda for consideration.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Peccole moved the letter from the Silver Club and the Boulder
  Club notifying the Board of change in partnership be referred to the Police
Department for investigation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole and Whipple and His Honor voting "aye";
noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Albert Goot and Larry Atkinson,
Park Market, 412 North 5th Street for a retail beverage license be
approved subject to investigation by the Police Department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole and Whipple and His Honor voting
"aye"; noes none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of the Southern Nevada Vending
Company for two slot machines at the Park Market, 412 North 5th be
approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting "aye";
noes, none.

There being no further business to come before this Special Meeting,
the meeting adjourned.