His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple then asked if there was anyone present who wished to object
to this vacation.

There being no one present who wished to object, Commissioner Bunker moved that the follow-
ing order be made:

ORDER

A Petition signed by eight (8) freeholders residing in the area affected, having
been filed with the Clerk of this Board, petitioning for the vacation of that portion of a
street, hereinafter described, and said Petition having been by Order of this Board referred
to the Planning Commission of the City of Las Vegas for its recommendation in the premises,
and said Planning Commission having filed its report dated July 7, 1950, with the Board ap-
proving and recommending said vacation to the extent hereinafter described;

And this Board, by an Order made at its regular meeting on the 7th day of Septem-
ber, 1950, set the 20th day of October, 1950 at the hour of 3:00 P.M., at the Commissioners'
Room of the Board of Commissioners, in the War Memorial Building located at the northwest
corner of Fifth and Stewart Streets, in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, as the
time and place for a public hearing on said Petition and recommendation, and Ordered the City
Clerk to cause the aforesaid street proposed to be vacated to be posted with a Notice setting
forth the time and place of the public hearing and the extent of the proposed vacation.

And it appearing from the affidavit of Charles V. Cudney, filed with the Clerk of
this Board, that the Notice provided for in said Order, a copy of which Notice is attached
to said affidavit, was posted on the 14th day of September, 1950, in the manner prescribed
by said Order;

And this being the time fixed for the hearing on said Petition for vacation and
the recommendation of the Planning Commission thereon, and this Board having heard evidence
in support of said Petition and recommendation and no evidence in opposition thereto having
been offered;

And it appearing to the satisfaction of this Board that the street proposed to be
vacated is no longer required for the public use and convenience, that said vacation will
inure to the benefit of the City of Las Vegas and is necessary for and by reason of the
public interest and convenience, and that the public will not be materially injured thereby;

IT IS HEREBY ORDERED that the following described street to-wit:

The East 42 feet of the NE¼ of the SW¼ of Section 33, Township 20 South,

Range 61 East, MDB&M

be, and the same is hereby vacated.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole and His Honor Mayor P ro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Cragin.

There being no further business to come before this special meeting, the meeting .adjourned.



* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

Las Vegas, Nevada
November 1, 1950

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held this 1st day of November, 1950 was
called to order at the hour of 3:30 P.M. by His Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin with the follow-
ing members present: Commissioners Bunker, Peccole, Whipple; City Attorney Howard

W. Cannon and Chief Deputy City Clerk Betty Funston. Absent: City Clerk Shirley Ballinger

and City Manager C. W. Shelley, and Commissioner Moore.

APPLICATION PAWNSHOP	Commissioner Bunker moved that the transfer of the license held by Stanley Robinow of the

Pioneer Jewelry	Pioneer Jewelry & Loan Company to I. L. Lawlor and J. H. Eckerson, subject to favorable in—

	vestigation by the Police Department, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Moore.

APPLICATION TAXICAB	Commissioner	Bunker	moved the application of Atlas Fisher dba Jack's Taxi Company, 501 Jack-

Atlas Fisher	son, for one taxi be approved subject to compliance with the ordinance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Moore.

MINUTES	Commissioner Whipple moved the minutes of the meetings of October 11, 18, 20 and 25, 1950 be

	approved by reference and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Moore.

SERVICE & MATERIAL	Commissioner	Bunker	moved	the	Service & Material Warrant No. 2017 in the amount of $337.42

WARRANT	be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

