At this time a letter from the City Comptroller to the Assessor
concerning an adjustment of the first installment on Assessment
Roll #6-1949, was read to the Board.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the following resolution be
adopted:

RESOLUT ION

WHEREAS the total engineering and construction cost of the LAS VEGAS
14th STREET CITY ADDITION, SANITARY SEWER DISTRICT #200-0 was One
Hundred Seventy-five Dollars and Fifty-four Cents ($175.54) less than the
funds provided, and,

WHEREAS it has been determined that the sum of Thirty-four Dollars and
fifty-nine Cents ($34.59) is refundable to those property owners
paying their assessments in cash, and

WHEREAS, the sum of One Hundred Forty Dollars and Ninety-five Cents
($140.95) is a just credit to the accounts of those property owners
who elected to pay their assessments on the installment basis, and
WHEREAS the sum of Three Hundred Eighty-four Dollars and Twenty-seven
Cents ($384.27) representing accrued interest derived from the sale
of LAS VEGAS 14TH STREET CITY ADDITION, SANITARY SEWER BONDS, SERIES
OF MARCH 1, 1950 is also a just credit to the accounts of those
property owners who elected to pay their assessments on the installment
basis, now therefore

BE IT RESOLVED that the City Comptroller be authorized to refund the sum
of Thirty-four Dollars and Fifty-nine Cents ($34.59) on a pro-rata basis
to those property owners who paid their assessments by cash in advance.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the said City Comptroller be authorized
to prorate the sum of Five Hundred Twenty-five Dollars and Twenty-two
Cents ($525.22) as a credit to the various accounts of those property
owners who elected to pay on the installment basis, and that a copy
of such schedule of pro-rata credits be forwarded to the County
Assessor for appropriate action.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

At this time letters from the Regional Planning Commission under dates
of August 31 and September 6, 1950 regarding the approval of the final
maps on Tract Nos. 1 and 2 of Ridgeview Subdivision were presented to
the Board.

Mr. T.N. Plumleigh, subdivider and his engineer Mr. Howard Geer were
present and discussed this matter with the Board.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved this matter be referred back to the
Planning Commission for recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple. No vote was called on this
motion. Commissioner Bunker withdrew his motion and Commissioner
Whipple withdrew his second.

Commissioner Peccole moved the final map on Ridgeview Subdivision, Tract
Nos. 1 and 2 as submitted by the Planning Commission be approved with
the provision that sidewalks be included in the conditions, and the Mayor
and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
Vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

At this time a letter under date of September 7, 1950 from the Regional
Planning Commission regarding their action on the petition of O. W.

Clark for increase in depth of commercial zone at 1800 Fremont was
read to the Board.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Mr. Clark be requested to secure the
proper application for zone variance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

No action was taken on the memorandum under date of September 6, 1950
received from the City Engineer regarding the Lawrence Love Tract.

The recommendation from the Regional Planning Commission under date
of September 5, 1950 concerning zone variances Nos. 89 and 90, Lots
5 and 6; 7 & 8, Block 23 Wardie requesting permission to build
duplexes was read to the Board at this time.

Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the Regional Planning
Commission that these Zone Variances Nos. 89 and 90 be approved
subject to the applicants paying the fees required.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the letter of the Regional Planning Commission under date
of September 5, 1950 concerning the request of Ray Baldwin for zone
variance of Lot 6, Block 11, Fairview Addition from G-2 to R-4 was
read to the Board.

ASSESSMENT ROLL #6-1949
Assessment Dist. 200-0
Adjustment

EXTENSION OF COMMERCIAL
ZONE -
O. W. Clark



LAWRENCE LOVE TRACT

ZONE VARIANCES NOS.

89 & 90

A. Jensen & R. Barozzi

ZONE VARIANCE NO. 91
Ray Baldwin

RIDGEVIEW SUBDIVISION
Final Map
Tracts 1 & 2