Section 16. That after said assessment roll has been confirmed and approved, said
Ex-officio City Treasurer immediately shall notify each person known to said Ex-officio
City Assessor, whose name appears on said assessment roll, by United States of America
mail, that an assessment has-been levied against said person and the designated property
in said Street improvement Assessment District No. 100-16, and shall state therein when and
where said assessment is due and payable.

Section 17. That all action (not inconsistent with the provisions of this ordin-
ance) heretofore taken by the City of Las Vegas, and the officers of said City, directed to-
ward the paving, curbing, guttering and otherwise improving certain streets and parts of
streets in said Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-16, toward the creation of
said District, and toward levying and effecting special assessments to defray the entire cost
thereof, be, and the same is, hereby ratified, approved and confirmed.

Section 18. That all by-laws, orders, resolutions and ordinances, in conflict with
this ordinance, are hereby repealed.

Section 19. That if any one or more sections, sentences, clauses or parts of this
ordinance shall, for any reason, be questioned or be held invalid, such judgment shall not
affect, impair or invalidate the remaining provision of this ordinance, but shall be con-
fined in its operation to the specific sections, sentences, clauses or parts of this or-
dinance so held unconstitutional and invalid, and the inapplicability and invalidity of any
section, sentence, clause or part of this ordinance, in any one or more instances shall
not affect or prejudice in any way the applicability and validity of this ordinance in any
other instances.

Section 20. That by reason of the fact that the streets of the City of Las Vegas
are inadequate to meet the present and future needs of the City and its inhabitants and that
it is necessary immediately to raise funds to improve said streets, therefore, it is hereby
declared that an emergency exists, and that this ordinance is necessary for the immediate
preservation of the public peace, health and safety.

Section 21. That the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, shal1 cause this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive
weeks immediately following its final reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Review Journal,
a daily newspaper published in said City, and this Ordinance shall become effective imme-
diately following the second publication hereof.

PASSED ADOPTED, AND APPROVED this 12th day of May, 1952..



(SEAL)	Mayor

ATTEST

s/ Shirley Ballinger_______________

City Clerk

Commissioner Bunker then seconded the motion to adopt the foregoing ordinance. The question
being upon the adoption of said ordinance, the roll was called with the following result:

Those voting "Aye":	Commissioner Bunker

Commissioner Jarrett
Commissioner Peccole
Commissioner Whipple, and
Mayor C.D. Baker

Those voting "Nay"; None
Absent:	None

Thereupon, the presiding officer declared said motion carried and the ordinance duly passed
and adopted.

It was then moved by Commissioner Whipple, and seconded by Commissioner Bunker, that all rules
of this Board which might prevent, unless suspended, the final passage and adoption of this
ordinance at this meeting be, and the same are hereby, suspended for the purpose of permit-
ting the final passage and adoption of said emergency ordinance at this meeting.

The question being upon the adoption of said motion and the suspension of the rules, the roll
was called with the following result:

Those voting "Aye":	Commissioner Bunker

Commissioner Jarrett
Commissioner Peccole
Commissioner Whipple, and
Mayor C.D. Baker

Those voting "Nay"; None
Absent: None

The presiding officer declared said motion carried and the rules suspended.

Commissioner Whipple then moved that said ordinance heretofore introduced and read in full
at this meeting be now placed upon its passage. Commissioner Bunker seconded the motion,
and the question being upon the placing of said ordinance upon its passage, the roll was
called with the following result;

Those voting "Aye":	Commissioner Bunker

Commissioner Jarrett
Commissioner Peccole
Commissioner Whipple, and
Mayor C.D. Baker

Those voting "Nay":	None

Absent:	None	