Those voting "Aye":	Commissioner Bunker

Commissioner Jarrett
Commissioner Peccole
Commissioner Whipple, and
Mayor Baker

Those voting "Nay":	None

The presiding officer declared the motion carried and the ordinance placed
upon its final passage.

Commissioner Whipple then moved that said ordinance be passed said adopted as
read and as an emergency ordinance. Commissioner Peccole seconded the motion.

The question being upon the passage and adoption of said ordinance, the roll
was called with the following result:

Those voting "Aye":	Commissioner Bunker

Commissioner Jarrett
Commissioner Peccole
Commissioner Whipple, and
Mayor Baker

Those voting "Nay": None

The presiding officer thereupon declared that all commissioners having voted
in favor thereof, said motion was carried and said ordinance was duly passed
and adopted as an emergency ordinance.

Commissioner Whipple moved the foregoing emergency ordinance be numbered 479.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

TAVERN OWNERS	Commissioner Bunker moved the action taken January 16, 1952 restricting holders of

Tavern Liquor licenses from selling package goods be rescinded, and these people
notified of this fact and requested to do their own policing and keep this matter
under control.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at this time Commis-
sioner Bunker moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ATTEST:		APPROVED:



  City Clerk	Mayor



Las Vegas, Nevada
February 20, 1952

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held this
20th day of February, 1952 was called to order at the hour of 7:55 P. M. by His
 Honor Mayor C. D. Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	Rex A. Jarrett

Commissioner	William Peccole

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

Assistant

City Attorney 	Ralston O. Hawkins
Comptroller	Harold A, Laird

City Cleric	Shirley Ballinger

Absent:	City Attorney 	Howard W. Cannon

City Manager	C. W. Shelley

PAYROLL WARRANTS	Commissioner Whipple moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 1274 to 1277 inclusive in

the net amount of $27,514.64 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized
	to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

MINUTES	Commissioner Whipple moved that the minutes of February 6, 1952 be approved by refer-

ence and the Mayor and City Cleric authorized to sign same0

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.