Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
  Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting ayej noes, none. Absent: Commissioner

Bunker.	

Commissioner Whipple moved the following resolution be adopted:

	R E S O L U T I  O N

WHEREAS, certain streets and portions of streets in the City of Las Vegas are
without adequate street improvements; and

WHEREAS, numerous oral requests have been made that these streets and portions
of streets hereinafter described be improved;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, at a regular meeting thereof held on the 19th day of March, 1952, that the City
Engineer be and he is hereby directed to prepare and file with the City Clerk, plats, dia-
grams, plans of the work and the locality to be improved, together with the estimates of cost
for constructing oil bound gravel pavement and concrete curbs and gutters and concrete valley
gutters wherever needed on the following described streets and portions of streets, to-Wit:

On California Avenue, from A Street to Third Street; on
Park Paseo, from Fifth Street to Sixth Street; on Fourth
Place, from Third Street to Fourth Street; on Colorado
Avenue, from Easterly right of way line of Union Pacific
Railroad to Third Street; on Imperial Avenue, from A
Street to Third Street; on Utah Avenue, from Truck Road
to Third Street; on Wyoming Avenue, from Truck Road to
Fifth Street; on Oakey Boulevard, from A Street, to Main
Street; on New York Avenue, from Truck Road to A Street;
on Chicago Avenue, from Truck Road to A Street; on
Philadelphia Avenue, from West boundary of Meadows Addi-
tion to A Street; on St. Louis Avenue, from West boundary
of Meadows Addition to A Street; oh Boston Avenue, from
West boundary of Meadows Addition to Fifth Street; on
Baltimore Avenue, from West boundary to East boundary
of Meadows Addition; on Cleveland Avenue, from West
boundary of Meadows Addition to Fifth Street; on Cincin-
nati Avenue, from West boundary of Meadows Addition to
Fifth Street; on San Francisco Street, from West boundary
of Meadows Addition to Fifth Street; on Truck Road, from
Chicago Avenue to Utah Avenue; on Fairfield Avenue,from
San Francisco Avenue to Utah Avenue; on A Street, from
Boston Avenue to Charleston Boulevard; on Second Street,
from Oakey Boulevard to Charleston Boulevard; on Third
Street, from Fifth Street to. Charleston Boulevard; on
Fourth Street,from Fourth Place to Charleston Boulevard;
on Fifth Place,from south boundary of Block 1 and 2 of
the amended plat of the Subdivision of Lot J. Park Place
Addition, to Park Paseo, and, on Sixth Street, from
Franklin Avenue to Charleston Boulevard.

ADOPTED and APPROVED this 19th day of March, 1952.

 ______________________

	MAYOR

ATTEST:

CITY CLERK

Commissioner Peccole moved this matter be referred to the City Attorney to prepare the
necessary ordinance to require all taxicabs to have meters and the proposed rates will
be based at the flag drop for 2/3 of a mile 50¢, each additional 1/4 mile 100 with the
waiting time rate $4.00 per hour.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner

Bunker.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of E. Giorgetti for license for one additional 

 "21" game for the first quarter of 1952 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Bunker.

Commissioner Jarrett, member of the committee for report on the proposed Ordinance amend-
ing the minor ordinance requested additional time before reporting.

Commissioner Whipple, member of the committee for report on the proposed ordinances amend-
ing the Solicitors, Peddlers and Itinerant Merchants Ordinances, requested additional time
before reporting.

Commissioners Jarrett and Whipple, committee for recommendation on the proposed ordinance
amending the Liquor Ordinance, requested additional time before reporting.

The recommendation from the Regional Planning Commission on the petition of owners in the
Zaugg Tract was read to the Board at this time. No action was taken.

The recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission on the application of K.H. Vitt to
rezone from R-1 to R-3 ten acres of Columbia Heights Addition No. 2, was read to the Board.

Commissioner Peccole moved the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission that this
request of K.H. Vitt for rezoning of Columbia Heights Addition No.2 be denied, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Bunker.

RESOLUTION- Assessment
District No 100-17

TAXICAB RATES

GAMING APPLICATION
Additional

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
 Minor

PROPOSED ORDINANCES
         Solicitors-Peddlers &
Itinerant Merchants

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Liquor 

ZAUGG TRACT

REQUEST FOR REZONING
Columbia Heights
Addn. No.2