Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent: Mayor Baker.

The recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission on the application of Egon
M. Luedtke to convert an existing addition to his residence into four units at
907 North 1st Street was presented to the Board for their consideration.

Commissioner Jarrett moved this application be denied and the following resolution
adopted:

	RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, on the 26th day of March, 1952, Egon M. Luedtke filed an appli-
cation with the Regional Planning Commission to convert an existing addition of his
dwelling into four units for the purpose of renting as rooms in an R-1 (Single
Family Residence) Use District, being located a 907 North 1st Street; and

WHEREAS on April 10, 1952, the Regional Planning Commission held a public
hearing on this application for variance, at which time no objections were raised
and no communications protesting the granting of said, variance were received; and

WHEREAS on April 10, 1952 the Regional Planning Commission approved such
application for variance on the ground that, such variance would not result in mater-
ial damage to other property in the vicinity or be detrimental to the public welfare;
and

WHEREAS, such decision of the Regional Planning Commission was filed with
the Board of Commissioners on April 11, 1952, recommending that such variance be
granted,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the variance application of Egon M.

Luedtke, 907 North 1st Street to convert an existing addition of his dwelling into
four units for the purpose of renting as rooms in an R-1 (Single Family Residence)

Use District be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Com-

missioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent: Mayor Baker.

At this time the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission on the applica-
tion of the Pioneer Outdoor Advertising to erect an illuminated billboard on the
southeast corner of Bonanza Road and Tonopah Highway was presented to the Board.

Commissioner Jarrett moved the application be denied and the following resolution
adopted:

	RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, on the 26th day of March, 1952, the Pioneer Outdoor Advertising
Company filed an application with the Regional Planning Commission to erect an
illuminated bill board on the southeast corner of Bonanza Road and Tonopah Highway
in an RE (Residence Estate) Use District; and

WHEREAS, on April 10, 1952, the Regional Planning Commission held a public
hearing on this application for variance, at which time no objections were raised
and no communications protesting the granting of said variance were received; and

WHEREAS, on April 10, 1952, the Regional Planning Commission approved
such application for variance on the ground that such variance would not result in
material damage to other property in the vicinity or be detrimental to the public
welfare; and

WHEREAS, such decision of the Regional Planning Commission was filed with
the Board of City Commissioners on April 11, 1952, recommending that such variance
be granted,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the variance application of the
Pioneer Outdoor Advertising Company to erect an illuminated billboard on the south-
east corner of Bonanza Road and Tonopah Highway in an R-E (Residence Estate) Use
District be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Com-

missioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Bunker moved the revised Tentative maps on the Moss Subdivision Tract
Nos. 2 and 3 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Conn

missioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes,none.

Absent: Mayor Baker.

Major Sweeney was present at this time to request the Board to waive the conditions
of sidewalks, street lights and curbs and gutters in the Country Estates Subdivision.

Commissioner Bunker moved that action on the tentative map of Country Estates Subdivi-
sion be held in abeyance until the matter can be taken up with the Regional Planning
Commission.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Com-

missioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the City Engineer that the bid of
J.M. Murphy Construction Co. in the total amount of $15,900.59 be accepted, and the
City Engineer authorized to notify the Contractor to commence work immediately.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Com-

VARIANCE APPLICATION
Egon M. Luedtke

VARIANCE APPLICATION
Pioneer Outdoor Adv.
Denied

MOSS TRACTS NO. 2 & 3
Revised Tentative
Map

COUNTRY ESTATES
SUBDIVISION

PAVING BID - Awarded