Avenue to Bonanza Road; on Twentieth Street, from South
boundary of the Amended Church Tract Addition to Stewart
Avenue; on Cervantes Street, from south boundary of the
Amended Church Tract Addition to Stewart Avenue; on
Twenty First Street and on Twenty Third Street, from
Ogden Avenue to Walnut Avenue; on Circle Drive, from
Bruce Street to Lewis Avenue; on Lewis Street, from
Spencer Street to Bruce Street; on Clark Avenue, from
Fourteenth Street to Fifteenth Street; and on Fourteenth
Street, from Charleston Boulevard to Clark Avenue.

Section 4. That the special assessment district which it is proposed to
create shall be designated Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-16, and
it shall include all the lots, premises and property, to the full depth of such, front-
ing adjoining and abutting upon said streets and parts of streets.

Section 5. That the City Clerk shall keep the plats, diagrams and plans of
the work and locality to be improved, together with the estimates of the expense there-
of, on file in her office for public inspection and examination.

Section 6. That the Board of Commissioners of said City will meet at the
City Hall in said City on Friday. the 9th day of May. 1952, at the hour of 4:30 o'clock
P.M., to hear and consider any suggestions and objections that may be made try parties
in interest to the proposed improvements, or any matter relating thereto. Objections
to said proposed improvements, or any matters relating thereto, may be filed in writing
in the office of the City Clerk at any time prior to said meeting.

Section 7. That the City Clerk shall give notice of the filing of said
estimates, plats, diagrams, and plans with the City Clerk for examination of the pro-
posed improvements or work, of the location of the improvement, of the district to be
assessed, and of the time when the Board will meet and consider any suggestions and ob-
jections that may be made by the parties in interest to the proposed improvements.

Said notice shall be given by publication once a week for two successive weeks in the
Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in said City of Las Vegas, and also
by posting said notice in or near said post office of said City and by posting notices
in three public places near the site of said proposed work.

Section 8. That all by-laws, orders, resolutions and ordinances or parts
of by-laws, orders resolutions and ordinances, in Conflict with this ordinance are
hereby repealed.

Section 9. That if any one or more sections, sentences, clauses or parts
of this ordinance shall, for any reason be questioned or be held invalid, such judgment
shall not affect, impair or invalidate the remaining provisions of this ordinance,
but shall be confined in its operation to the specific sections, sentences, clauses
or parts of this ordinance so held unconstitutional and invalid, and the inapplicability
and invalidity of any section, sentence, clause or part of this ordinance, in any one
or more instances shall not affect or prejudice in any way the applicability and valid-
ity of this ordinance in any other instances.

Section 10. That by reason of the fact that the streets of the City of Las
Vegas are inadequate to meet the present and future needs of the City and its inhabi-
tants and that it is necessary immediately to raise funds to improve said streets,
therefore, it is hereby declared that an emergency exists, and that this ordinance
is necessary for the immediate preservation of the public health, peace and safety.

Section 11. That the City Clerk and the Clerk of the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, shall cause this ordinance to be published once a week for
two successive weeks immediately following its final reading and adoption, in the
Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in said City and this ordinance
shall become effective immediately following the second publication hereof.

PASSED, ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 29th day of April 1952.

MAYOR PRO TEM

(SEAL)

ATTEST:

s/ Shirley Ballinger_______________

CITY CLERK

Commissioner then seconded the motion to adopt the foregoing ordinance. The
question being upon the adoption of said ordinance, the roll was called with the fol-
lowing result:

Those voting "Aye":

Commissioner Bunker
Commissioner Jarrett
Commissioner Peccole
Mayor Pro Tem Whipple

Those voting "Nay”: None

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Thereupon, the presiding officer declared said motion carried and the ordinance duly
passed and adopted.



It was then moved by Commissioner Peccole and seconded by Commissioner  that all

rules of this Board which might prevent, unless suspended, the final passage and adop-
tion of this ordinance at this meeting be, and the same are hereby, suspended for the
purpose of permitting the final passage and adoption of said emergency ordinance at
this meeting.

The question being upon the adoption of said motion and the suspension of the rules,