	The following persons declared they were in favor of the proposed rezoning:

James G. Ryan	Mr, Nickels

Peggy Petrie	Curley Lockett

Reverend Simmons	David Scott

David Hoggard	            Paul Culley

Petitions from those objecting to the rezoning of this property and those in favor
of the rezoning were presented to the Board and ordered filed.

              Commissioner Moore moved this public hearing be recessed until April 23, 1951.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at this time Commissioner
Moore moved this meeting recess until April 23, 1951 at 4:00 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

Las Vegas, Nevada
April 23, 1951

A recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held this
23rd day of April, 1951 was called to order at the hour of 4:25 P.M. by His Honor Mayor E.

W. Cragin with the following members present: Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole; City

Manager C. W. Shelley, Assistant City Attorney Ralston Hawkins and City Clerk Shirley
Ballinger. Absent: Commissioner Whipple and City Attorney Howard W, Cannon.

PUBLIC HEARING - Rezoning      His Honor announced that this was the continuation of the Public Hearing on the rezoning
of Harper Tract	of a portion of the NE¼ of the SE¼ of Section 28, T 20 S, R 61 E, MDB&M, commonly known

as the Harper Tract, from R-E to R—2, and requested that the committee heretofore ap—
	pointed to investigate this matter make their report.

At this time Mr. Robert E. Jones, member of this committee gave the report.

Commissioner Moore moved the recommendations of the committee be written into the minutes
and the committee thanked for the work they have done and dismissed.

The report is as follows:

Las Vegas, Nevada
April 23, 1951

Honorable E. W. Gragin, Mayor 
and Members of the City Commission
of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada

Gentlemen:

Your committee appointed to make recommendations concerning the zoning of property west of H Street
Las Vegas, Nevada, hereby reports, and makes the following recommendations:

I.       That a 100 foot highway be constructed from a point where J Street intersects with the
north city limits of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, thence running southward through
the middle of the Zaugg tract to Bonanza Road, This would necessitate a slight bend
or deviation on the west end of the so-called Harper property# This step of the pro-
posed new highway will be referred to hereinafter as Step No. 1. Step No. 1 of this
highway is to contain a planting strip or parkway in the center thereof, which is to
be planted with trees or shrubs of a suitable nature, or whatever the City Park Depart-
ment might feel is appropriate.

The right-of-way for this portion of the highway is to be obtained immediately, the
City to designate sufficient personnel to make the necessary survey, draw up the
proper deeds, and to solicit the necessary property owners to convey and dedicate
this portion of the highway to the City; the City either to acquire this right-of-way
within ninety (90) days or to proceed within ninety (90) days to acquire the same by
condemnation. It is the concensus of opinion of the committee that most of this land
could be obtained by voluntary conveyance from the various owners.

Step No. 2 would consist of an extension southward of Step No. 1, the proposed highway
to be extended from Bonanza Road to connect on to Shadow Lane, and in that manner to
intersect with Charleston Boulevard at a point immediately east of the Clark County
Hospital, this proposed portion of the highway to be known as Step No. 2, and the
right-of-way to be obtained as soon as convenient, and graded by the City. Step No.

1 of the proposed highway would be graded immediately, as soon as the right-of-way
could be obtained.