Commissioner Peccole moved that the transfer of the license applied for
in the names of M. M. Wells Estate, J. S. Pappas and Albert Jensen, 49er
Club, 109 Fremont for a Tavern Liquor license for the fourth quarter of
1951 be approved subject to investigation try the Police Department.

Motion died for lack of a second.

Sunset Liquor              Commissioner Whipple moved the application of John Amicucci, Sunset
Store	Liquor Store, 1027 South Main Street for a Retail Liquor, Minature

license for the fourth quarter of 1951 be approved subject to investi-
	gation and recommendation by the Police Department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

There being no further business to come before this special meeting
Commissioner Whipple moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

  City Clerk	Mayor

Las Vegas, Nevada
October 3, 1951

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held this 3rd day of October, 1951 was called to order at the hour of
7:50 P.M. by His Honor Mayor C. D. Baker, with the following members
present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	Rex A. Jarrett

Commissioner	William Peccole

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	C. W. Shelley

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

PAYROLL WARRANTS Commissioner Bunker moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 1233 to 1236 inclusive
in the net amount of $27,885.12 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk
	authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

ASSESSMENT	Commissioner Bunker moved that the request of Wells Cargo Inc. for partial

DISTRICT NO.100-2       payment on Assessment District No. 100-2 in the total amount of $32,087.25
Partial Payment	be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign the warrant

when drawn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

MINUTES	Commissioner Whipple moved the Minutes of September 12 and 26, 1951 be

	approved by reference and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign

same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

BONANZA	At this time the agreement with Walter Zick and Harris Sharp, Architects

ROAD FIRE STATION      on the proposed fire station on West Bonanza Road, as approved by the
Architect Contract            City Attorney and City Manager, was presented to the Board for consider-
ation.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved this agreement be approved and the
Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote;
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.