Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the Regional
Planning Commission contained in their letter of June 6, 1950,
to accept the final map of Paradise Village Tract No. 2 be
approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the fol-
lowing vote: Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the Regional
Planning Commission pursuant to their letter of June 6, 1950,
to accept the final map of the Lawrence Love Tract be approved
and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the fol-
lowing vote: Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved that pursuant to the recommendation
of the Regional Planning Commission contained in their letter
of June 6, 1950, the final map of Southridge Subdivision Tract #1
be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the fol-
lowing vote: Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Moore moved that pursuant to the recommendation of
the Regional Planning Commission contained in their letter of
June 6, 1950 recommending Zone Variance #86 allowing the con-
ducting of a small grocery store at 1012 "E" Street to James
Rodger, be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the fol-
lowing vote: Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Peccole moved that pursuant to the recommendation of
the Regional Planning Commission contained in their letter of
June 6, 1950 recommending Zone Variance #87 allowing the conduc-
ting of a small confectionery store and lunch counter at 1521 "G"
Street to Etta Bullock, be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the certified check of Sparling-
Fowler-Murphy of Las Vegas, Nevada, that accompanied their bid
an Assessment District #100-3, be returned as soon as their bid
bond is received by the City Engineer's Office.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the fol-
lowing vote: Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

There being no further business to come before this meeting,
Commissioner Peccole moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the fol-
lowing vote: Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Las Vegas, Nevada
June 21, 1950

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO:, SHIRLEY BALLINGER, City Clerk
Las Vegas, Nevada

A Special Meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
is hereby called to be held in the Council Chambers at the City Hall,
on the 21st day of June 1950, at the hour of 3:00 P.M. to consider the
following matters:,

1.	Approve Payroll Warrants 1133-34 Inclusive in net amount of $24,803.17

PARADISE VILLAGE Tract #2
Final Map Approved



LOVE TRACT - Final Map
Approved



SOUTHRIDGE ADDITION -
Tract #1 - Final Map

ZONE VARIANCE #86
James Rodgers



ZONE VARIANCE #87
Etta Bullock



SPARLING-FOWLER-MURPHY
Certified Check Returned