Action on the application of Chester Biele, Dairy Bar, 1525 Fremont for a Restaurant
Beverage license for the 1st quarter of 1952 "was held in abeyance until the next meet-
ing on March 19, 1952.

The application of Patsy Malpede and Glenn Marshall, Nevada Bar, 115 North 1st Street
for a Restaurant Beverage license was also held in abeyance until the next meeting on
March 19, 1952.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Lawrence Tiede, Larry's Market, 631
South 1st Street for a Retail Beverage license for the first quarter of 1952 be
approved subject to investigation by the Police Department,

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following votes Commis-
sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and H is Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Lawrence Tiede, Larry's Market, 631
South 1st for license for the retail sale of cigarettes and tobacco products be
approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following votes Commis-
sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the following applications for gaming licenses for the
first quarter of 1952 be approved,

SHAMROCK HOTEL	600 North Main	Vegas Enterprise	1 slot (Additional)

COOL SPOT	117 South 2nd	Phelps & Rolofson	1 slot (New)

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following votes Commis-
sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the payment of judgment in the total amount of $7,000
on the condemnation of San Francisco Street property owned by Mr, John F, Miller
be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following votes Commis-
sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved that pursuant to the recommendation of the Regional Plan-
ning Commission the tentative map of Momingside Park Subdivision, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following votes Commis-
sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved that in the event the proposed improvements are made in
Kelso Turner Tract as presented by the City Engineer and the streets are offered to
the City by way of dedication, the Board at that time will accept the dedicated
streets and agree to maintain them thereafter.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following votes Commis-
sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the request of J. M, Murphy Construction Co. for partial
payment on Assessment District No, 100-6 in the total amount of $34,514.82 be approved
and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following votes Commis-
sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the City Manager that the position
of Sewer Maintenance Foreman be abolished, be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following votes Commis-
sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the City Manager that the Conces-
sion Agreement with Rudolph Boschitz be assigned to Elinor Badik be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the request of property owners on North 13th from Marlin
to Bonanza Road to be included in an assessment district be accepted, and this im-
provement be taken care of in Assessment District No. 100-16.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the petition of property owners on Elm Street between 23rd
and 25th Streets for street improvements be included in an Assessment District.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The request of Taxicab owners for raise in rates was considered at this time. It
was decided to hold a public hearing on this matter on Tuesday, March 11, 1952 at
4:00 P.M.

Commissioner Bunker moved the public hearing on the proposed rezoning from R-E to
R-2 of property located on the west side of H Street between Wilson and McWilliams
Streets be set for April 2, 1952 at 7:30 P.M,

LIQUOR APPLICATIONS
Dairy Bar

Nevada Bar
Larry's Market

CIGARETTE APPLICATION

GAMING APPLICATION

SAN FRANCISCO STREET
CONDEMNATION
Payment of Judgment

MORNINGSIDE PARK -
Tentative Map

KELSO TURNER STREET
DEDICATIONS

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
NO. 100-6
Partial Payment

ABOLISHING OF POSITION
Sewer Maintenance
Foreman

CONCESSION AGREEMENT
Assignment

PETITION FOR PAVING OF
NORTH 13TH STREET

PETITION FOR PAVING OF
ELM STREET



TAXI CAB RATES

REZONING - H Street
Public Hearing
Set