Motion seconded by Commissioner Banker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Peccole moved the application of Mrs. Donald Comstock for a
restaurant beverage license at the Charleston Inn, 17 W. Charleston for
the second quarter of 1951 be approved subject to investigation by the
Police Department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

At this time a memorandum from the City Engineer regarding the cost
of installing a sewer line along the north property line of Baltimore
Street to South 5th Street was presented to the Board.

Commissioner Bunker moved the City Engineer be authorized to make this
installation so that a building may be erected over the line.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the appointment of two commissioners of the
Housing Authority of the City of Las Vegas be held in abeyance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the claim of Mayor Cragin for $37.00 and
Commissioner Peccole of $20.00 for expenses incurred while at attending
the State Legislature be allowed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Commissioner Peccole passed his vote.

Commissioner Peccole moved the following resolutions expressing the
thanks and appreciation of the Board for the cooperation received
from Commissioner Moore and Mayor Cragin be adopted and spread on
the minutes.

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, E. W. "Ernie" Cragin has faithfully and untiringly served
the City Of Las Vegas as its Mayor during the years from 1931 through 1935,
and more recently during the years 1943 to 1951, and

WHEREAS, E. W. "Ernie" Cragin has contributed much time and effort
to the development, management and improvement of the City of Las Vegas, and

WHEREAS, E. W. "Ernie" Cragin, ever mindful of the great need and
necessity of the City of Las Vegas, through his effort and diligence, was in-
strumental in obtaining worthwhile projects and reforms that insured the progress
and development of said City, and

WHEREAS, during the periods while he has been Mayor of the City of
Las Vegas this City has grown from a small oasis in the desert until it is
now one of the blooming flowers of the entire Southwestern United States, and

WHEREAS, E. W. "Ernie" Cragin, by faithfully performing his duties,
has assured the progress and growth of the City of Las Vegas, and the health
and welfare of its citizens has been improved by his effective effort.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, Nevada, at a regular meeting thereof, held on the 29th day
of May, 1951, at said City, by this resolution, express its gratitude and
appreciation to E. W. "Ernie" Cragin for his efforts in obtaining these
results, and thereby insuring to the citizens of Las Vegas, Nevada, the
future growth and development of the said City, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, the the. City Clerk be, and she hereby is
directed to spread a copy of this resolution on the minutes of the books
of the said City, and

BE IT ALSO FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk be, and she is
hereby directed to send a copy of this resolution to the Honorable
E. W. "Ernie" Cragin.

s/ C. D. Baker
Mayor

ATTEST:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, Robert T. "Bob" Moore has faithfully and untiringly
served the City of Las Vegas as one of its City Commissioners during the
years from 1947 until 1951, and

LIQUOR APPLICATION
Change of Owner

SEWER EASEMENT -
Meadows Addition



HOUSING AUTHORITY
COMMISSIONERS



TRAVEL EXPENSES

RESOLUTIONS