ASSESSMENT DISTRICT 	The Mayor announced that this was the time heretofore set on September
19, 1951 for the Board to meet to review Assessment Roll No. 19-1951
as prepared by the Ex-officio City Assessor on the proposed improvements
in Assessment District No. 100-6, and to consider said Assessment Roll
for confirmation.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the following resolution be adopted,
and the public hearing on this Assessment Roll be continued until Oct-
ober 24, 1951 at the hour of 4:30 P.M.

RE S O L UT I O N



WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas in the County of Clark and State
of Nevada, and the officers thereof, have taken action to improve certain
streets and parts of streets therein; and

WHEREAS, said City has created Street Improvement Assessment
District No. 100-6 for the purpose of making said improvements; and

WHEREAS, said City assessed the entire cost and expense of making
said improvements, including all incidental expenses which may be legally
included in the sums assessed, against the owners and the assessable lots,
premises and property specially benefited by such improvements and included
within said District; and

WHEREAS, this date has been set for the confirmation of said
Assessment Roll for said Assessment District No. 100-6; and

WHEREAS, it has been determined that the said Assessment Roll
is erroneous in certain particulars in that certain assessments were im-
properly computed in certain instances; and

WHEREAS, the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, desire to revise the said Assessment Roll for said Assessment
District No. 100-6, by revising such erroneous assessments; and

WHEREAS, said revision can only be done by referring the
Assessment Roll back to the said ex-officio City Assessor for revision.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Assessment Roll for
Assessment District No. 100-6, being numbered 19-1951 be referred back
and it hereby is referred back to the ex-officio City Assessor for re-
vision to show that all lots and premises assessed shall be assessed at
least double the amount of the benefits to be received by each and every
one of the separate premises.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that said revised Assessment Roll
shall be filed with the City Clerk on or before 4:00 o'clock P.M.,

October 24, 1951, and after the filing of said revised Assessment Roll, 
the City Clerk shall publish notice of the time said Board and the said
ex-officio City Assessor will meet to review the revised assessments,
once a week for two successive weeks in the Las Vegas Review Journal,
a daily newspaper published in the said City of Las Vegas in the manner
prescribed in the Charter of the City of Las Vegas as amended.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote:

Those voting "Aye":	Commissioner Bunker

Commissioner Jarrett
Commissioner Peccole
Commissioner Whipple
Mayor Baker

Those voting "Nay":	None

There being no further business to come before the meeting at this
time Commissioner Bunker moved this meeting be recessed until October
24, 1951 at the hour of 4:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

ATTEST:		APPROVED:

 City Clerk 	Mayor

REGULAR MEETING OF OCTOBER 17 ON PAGE 452	Las Vegas, Nevada

October 24, 1951

A recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City