DATED this 25th day of October, 1950.

City Clerk 	

Section 8. That all ordinances or parts of ordinances, in conflict with this ordinance, are hereby
repealed,

Section 9. That if any one or more sections, sentences, clauses or parts of this ordinance shall,
for any reason, be questioned, or be held invalid, such judgment shall not affect, impair or invalidate
the remaining provisions of this ordinance, but shall be confined in its operation to the specific sec-
tions, sentences, clauses or parts of this ordinance so held unconstitutional and invalid, and the
inapplicability and invalidity of any section, sentence, clause or part of this ordinance, in any one
or more instances, shall not affect or prejudice in any way the applicability and validity of this
ordinance in any other instance.

Section 10. That by reason of the fact that the streets of the City of Las Vegas are inadequate to
meet the present and future needs of the City and its inhabitants and that it is necessary immediately
to raise funds to improve said streets, therefore, it is hereby declared that an emergency exists, and that
this ordinance is necessary for the immediate preservation of the public peace, health and safety.

Section 11. That the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
shall cause this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following
its final reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in said
City, and this ordinance shall become effective immediately following the second publication hereof.

PASSED, ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 25th day of October, 1950.

Commissioner Peccole then duly seconded the motion to adopt the foregoing ordinance. The
question being upon the adoption of said ordinance, the roll was called with the following
result:

Those voting "Aye":	Commissioner Bunker

Commissioner Moore
Commissioner Peccole
Commissioner Whipple
Mayor Cragin

Those voting "Nay":	None

Thereupon, the presiding officer declared said motion carried and the ordinance duly passed
and adopted.

It was then moved by Commissioner Moore and seconded by Commissioner Peccole that all rules
of this Board which might prevent, tinless suspended, the final passage and adoption of this
ordinance at this meeting be and the same are hereby suspended for the purpose of permitting
the final passage and adoption of said emergency ordinance at this meeting.

The question being upon the adoption of said motion and the suspension of the rules, the
roll was called with the following result:

Those voting "Aye":	Commissioner Bunker

Commissioner Moore
Commissioner Peccole
Commissioner Whipple
Mayor	Cragin

Those voting	"Nay":	None

The presiding officer declared said motion carried and the rules suspended.

Commissioner Moore then mowed that said ordinance heretofore introduced and read in full at
this meeting be now placed upon its passage. Commissioner Peccole seconded the motion, and
the question being upon the placing of said ordinance upon its passage, the roll was called
with the following result:

Those voting	"Aye":	Commissioner	Bunker

Commissioner Moore
Commissioner Peccole
Commissioner Whipple
Mayor	Cragin

Those voting	"Nay":	None

The presiding officer declared the motion carried and the ordinance placed upon its final
passage.