WHEREAS, on Jamary 31, 1952, the Regional Planning Commission held a public
hearing on this application for variance, at which time arguments were presented by all
interested parties; and

WHEREAS, on Jamary 31, 1952, the Regional Planning Commission unanimously
voted to deny the application on the ground that this use would be detrimental to the
public welfare and depreciate property values in the adjoining area; and

WHEREAS, such decision was filed with the Board of City Commissioners on
February 5, 1952, recommending that such variance not be granted,

NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commis-
sion that the variance application of Florence L. Church, 232 North 19th Street to permit
the conducting of a Nursery School in an R-1 (Single Family Residence) zone be denied, be
and the same hereby is approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

REZONING REQUEST -	Commissioner Whipple moved the following resolution be adopted:

Orvy W. Clark

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, on the 26th day of December, 1951, Orvy W. Clark filed an application
with the Regional Planning Commission to rezone an area generally east from Bruce Street
and north of the easterly projection of Lewis Avenue in order to extend his existing trailer
park and that such area be rezoned from R-1 (Single Family Residence) Use District to C-2
(General Commercial) Use District; and

WHEREAS, on January 17, 1952, the Regional Planning Commission held a public
hearing on this application for zone change at which time arguments were presented by all
interested parties; and

WHEREAS, on January 17, 1952, the Regional Planning Commission unanimously voted
to deny the application on the ground that extending this commercial area would be detri-
mental to the existing residential property on Bruce Street and to the proposed multiple
development on Lewis Avenue; and

WHEREAS, such decision was filed with the Board of City Commissioners on January
25th, 1952, recommending that such zone change not be granted,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the recommendation of the Regional Planning Com-
mission that the area generally east from Bruce Street and north of the easterly projection
of Lewis Avenue, being described more particularly as follows: N½ SW¼ SW¼ SW¼; and N½ SE¼

SW¼ lying south of Fremont, Section 35, Township 20, Range 61 MDB&M, not be rezoned from
R-1 (Single Family Residence) Use District to C-2 (General Commercial) Use District be and
the same hereby is approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Public Hearing Set	Mr. Orvy W. Clark appeared before the Board at this time to request an appeal

	of the decision of the Regional Planning Commission denying his request for re-

zoning of the above described property.

Commissioner Peccole moved that since an appeal has been filed by Mr. Clark on
the decision of the Regional Planning Commission, a public hearing on this matter
be held March 19, 1952 at the hour of 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Com-

missioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

REZONING - Lots 15 & 16,	At this time the request for rezoning of Lots 15 and 16, Block 16, Boulder Addi-

Block 16, Boulder Addn.	tion from R-3 to C-2of Alexander Denisuk and A. R. Briola, as recommended by the

A. Denisuk & A.R. Briola 	         Regional Planning Commission, was presented for consideration.

	Commissioner Whipple moved a public hearing on this matter be held March 19, 1952,

at the hour of 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PURCHASE OF CITY PROPERTY Two requests for the purchase of certain portions of the City Property located on
the Los Angeles Highway, one from Mr. Harrison Stocks and the other from Mr. E. P.

	Kennedy were considered at this time.

Commissioner Whipple moved this matter be referred to the City Attorney to deter-
mine whether or not the Board should call for bids on the sale of any City property.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

FOOD HANDLERS HEALTH          The matter of the request of the Clark County Tuberculosis Association that, food
CARDS	handlers be required to have cards showing that they are free from communicable

	diseases, was deferred until the joint meeting scheduled with Clark County and

North Las Vegas on February 13, 1952.

WILDCAT LAIR CONCESSION        Commissioner Jarrett moved the request of Rudy Bosehitz to be relieved of the con-
cession at the Wildcat Lair, as recommended by the City Manager, be granted, and
the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign the release when prepared.