Las Vegas, Nevada
February 21, 1950

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held this 21st day of February, 1950
was called to order at the hour of 3:35 P.M. by His Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin with the
following members present: Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple; City Attorney

Howard W. Cannon, City Engineer W. C, Anderson and City Clerk Shirley Ballinger. Absent:
City Manager George O. Treem.

Commissioner Moore Moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 1108 to 1110 inclusive in the net
sum of $25,864.99 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

    Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Moore moved the following resolution be adopted, spread on the Minutes and a
copy sent to the widow of Captain Sam Irick:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, Captain Sam Irick did faithfully and untiringly serve the City of Las Vegas
for many years, and

WHEREAS, his ultimate demise has deprived this City of a sincere friend and devoted
public servant, and

WHEREAS, his passing will be keenly felt by us in Municipal Government who were
benefited by daily association with him, as well as the host of friends he left behind,
and

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas deeply regret the
passing of Captain Sam Irick,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, at a meeting thereof, held on the 21st day of February, 1950, by this Resolu-
 tion, extend its deepest sympathy to his family. Since making this his home in 1941,
he established an enviable record for loyalty and integrity in his affairs of busi-
ness and in the Las Vegas Police Department. By his human qualities of kindness,
tolerance and understanding, he found everlasting endearment in the hearts of those
who knew him, and earned an exalted place in life. His family may well take conso-
lation in the knowledge that their husband and father was loved by all, and that no
other can fill the place he found in the hearts of his friends.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time Mr. Leight Elsworth of the Occidental Insurance Company appeared before the
Board. Mr. Elsworth requested the Board to authorized either the City Manager or the
City Comptroller to sign an application requesting the Occidental Insurance Company to
present their hospitalization plan to the employees of the City.

After considerable discussion was held Commissioner Peccole moved that the City Em-
ployees be allowed to take out any hospitalization insurance they like.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Whipple passed
his vote.

Mr. Schultz of the San Soucci Auto Court on Highway 91 appeared before the Board request-
ing permission to purchase a piece of City land in back of his Court for the purpose of
developing a park and playground for the children in that area.

Mr. Schultz was requested to submit his request and proposal for the purchase of this
land in writing to the Board.

Commissioner Whipple moved the Minutes of February 7, 1950 be approved by reference and
the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time for the hearing with the owner of the Green Gables Trailer Court

with reference to the revocation of the business license, there was no one present to

represent the Green Gables Court.

Commissioner Bunker moved that pursuant to the recommendations of the Health Department
and various City Inspectors condemning the Green Gables Trailer Court, this license be
revoked.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved that pursuant to the recommendation of the Police Department
the application of C. W, Gibbs for a detective agency license be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye: noes, none.

PAYROLL WARRANTS

RESOLUTION - Sam Irick

HOSPITALIZATION

INSURANCE



PURCHASE OF CITY LAND

MINUTES



GREEN GABLES TRAILER
COURT

License Revoked

DETECTIVE LICENSE
C. W. Gibbs