Those voting "Aye":	Commissioner Jarrett

Commissioner Peccole
Commissioner Whipple
Mayor Baker

Those voting "Nay":	None

Absent:	Commissioner Bunker

PUBLIC HEARING	This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the vacation

VACATION OF STREETS	of certain streets and alleys in Meadows Addition, more particularly

Meadows Addition                 described as:

	1. All alleys in Block 1 lying west of South Fifth Street.

2.	That portion of Fairfield Place describing a semi-circle
between Blocks 1 and 9.

3.	The north-south alley in Block 9.

4.	The northerly 10 feet of San Francisco Street in Blocks 1
and 9 lying west of South Fifth Street.

The matter was presented to the Board for consideration at this time.

His Honor asked if there was anyone present who wished to protest the
vacation of the above described property. There were no objections
voiced.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved the above described vacation be
accepted and the following order adopted and the Mayor and City Clerk
authorized to sign same:

ORDER

A Petition, dated the 1st day of May, 1931, signed by three (3)

freeholders residing in the area affected, having been filed with the Clerk

of this Board, petitioning for the vacation of certain streets and parts of
streets in the Meadows Addition hereinafter described, and said Petition
having been by Order of this Board referred to the Planning Commission of
the City of Las Vegas for its recommendation in the premises, and said Plan-
ning Commission having filed its report, dated July 3, 1931, with this Board
approving and recommending said vacation;

And this Board, by an order made at its regular meeting held on the 18th day

of July, 1951, set the 22nd day of August, 1951, at the hour of 7:30 o’clock

P.M. at the Commissioners' Room of the Board of Commissioners, in the War
Memorial Building, located at the Northwest Corner of Fifth and Stewart Streets,
in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, as the time and place for a
public hearing on said Petition and recommendation, and Ordered the City Clerk
to cause the aforesaid streets and parts of streets proposed to be vacated
to be posted with a Notice setting forth the time and place of the public
hearing and the extent of the proposed vacation;

And it appearing from the Affidavit of Charles V. Cudney, filed with the Clerk
of this Board, that the Notice provided for in said Order, a copy of which
notice is attached to said affidavit, was posted on the 23rd day of July,

1951, in the manner prescribed by said Order;

And this being the time fixed for the hearing on said Petition for vacation
and the recommendation of the Planning Commission thereon, and this Board
having heard evidence in support of and there being no opposition to said
Petition and recommendation;

And it appearing to the satisfaction of this Board that the portions of the
streets proposed to be vacated are no longer required for the public use and
convenience, that said vacation will inure to the benefit of the City of
Las Vegas, and that neither the public nor any person will be materially
injured thereby;

IT IS HEREBY ORDERED that the following described portions of streets and
alleys in the Meadows Addition as recorded in Book 1 of Plats, Page 43, 

Clark County Records, to-wit:

1.	All alleys in Block 1 lying west of South Fifth Street;

2.	That portion of Fairfield Place describing a semi-circle between
Blocks 1 and 9;

3.	The north-south alley in Block 9;

4.  The northerly 10 feet of San Francisco Street in Blocks 1 and
9 lying west of South Fifth Street;

be and the same are hereby vacated.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

Shirley Ballinger, City Clerk	C. D. Baker, Mayor