REPLACEMENT OF PAVING  Commissioner Whipple moved the City Manager be authorized to charge
	Contractors the following prices for replacement of street paving,

sidewalk or curb and gutter replacement:

Gravel Surface	$ 0.15 per square foot

Asphaltic Surface	0.35	per	square	foot

Sidewalk	0.60	per	square	foot

Curb and Gutter	1.65	per	lin. ft.

Traveling cost (each job)	4.00

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by

Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;

noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at this time
Commissioner Whipple moved this meeting recess until April 12, 1951 at
the hour of 4:00 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following votes
Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

ATTEST:		APPROVED:

City Clerk	Mayor



Las Vegas, Nevada
April 12, 1951

A recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, was held on Thursday, the 12th day of
April, 1951, at the hour of 4:00 o’clock P.M., at the City Hall,
being the regular meeting place of said Board, at which meeting there
were present and answering the roll call, the following:

Mayor	E. W. Cragin

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	William Peccole

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

Absent:	Commissioner Robert T. Moore

constituting all of the members of said Board. There were also present the
following:

City Manager:	C. W. Shelley

City Attorney:            Howard W. Cannon
City Clerk:	Shirley Ballinger, and

City Engineer:          W. C. Anderson

Thereupon, the following proceedings, among others, were duly had and taken.

RESOLUTION - Accepting         Commissioner Peccole introduced and moved the adoption of the following resolution,
Bids on Bonds -	which was thereupon read in full, and at length, and is as follows:

Assessment Dist No 100-2

	RESOLUTION

	WHEREAS, due and legal notice has been given and published that the Board

of Commissi oners of the City of Las Vegas proposes to sell and invite proposals
for the purchase of $225,463.75 of its Assessment District No. 100-2 Street improvement
Bonds, Series of January 1, 1951; and

WHEREAS, said bids have been opened on the 11th day of April, 1951, in
accordance with said notice; and

WHEREAS, it appears that the bid of THE SECURITY NATIONAL BANK OF RENO,
and associates, is the highest and best bid for said bonds;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED BY THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY
OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA:

That the bid and offer of said SECURITY NATIONAL BANK OF RENO and its
associates, whereby said bidders agreed to purchase said bonds, bearing interest
at a rate of Three and 40/l00th per centum (3.40%) per annum, for the principal
amount thereof, accrued interest to the date of delivery, and a premium of $ (None)
is the highest and best bid submitted far said issue of bonds and the same
should be, and hereby is, accepted, and said bonds are awarded to the said
SECURITY NATIONAL BANK OF RENO and its associates.

It was then moved by Commissioner Peccole and seconded by Commissioner
Bunker that all rules of this Board which might prevent, unless sus-
pended, the final passage and adoption of the foregoing resolution
at this meeting be and the same are hereby suspended for the purpose
of permitting the final passage and adoption of said resolution at
this meeting.

The question being upon the adoption of said motion and the suspension
of the rules, the roll was called with the following result: