There being no further business to come before this meeting, Commissioner Peccole
moved this meeting adjourn until July 21, 1950 at the hour of 3:00 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Moore, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioners Bunker

and Whipple.

Las Vegas, Nevada
July 21, 1950

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held this 21st day of July, 1950
was called to order at the hour of 3:10 P.M. by His Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin with the
following members present: Commissioners Bunker, Moore; City Manager C. W. Shelley,

City Attorney Howard W. Cannon and City Clerk Shirley Ballinger. Absent: Commissioners
Peccole and Whipple.

Commissioner Bunker moved Payroll Warrants Nos. 1138 to 1140 inclusive in the net sum
of $21,738.69 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Moore and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioners Peccole

and Whipple.

There being a large group of people present regarding the watering restrictions and
shortage in the City, His Honor stated this matter would be taken up next, and in-
troduced Mr. Al Folger of the Las Vegas Land and Water Company.

Mr. Folger spoke briefly explaining the situation faced by his company and said that
he thought the questions to be settled today were; whether the restrictions on water-
ing hours should be abolished and something else tried, or if the restricting hours
should be left as they are now.

His Honor then invited the public to make suggestions and several people entered into
the discussion.

Commissioner Bunker read his comments on the above mentioned matter and thereafter
made the motion that a committee composed of two members of the Board of Commissioners
and the City Engineer be appointed to make an investigation and report to the Board.

Commissioner Moore requested the foregoing motion to be amended to include five per-
sons picked from the audience to serve on this committee.

Commissioner Bunker accepted this amendment.

Thereafter Commissioner Moore seconded the motion as amended and the motion was carried
by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Moore and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent: Commissioners Peccole and Whipple.

His Honor then appointed Commissioners Bunker and Moore to serve on the newly organ-
ized "Water Committee". Commissioners Bunker and Moore then chose the following people
from the audience to serve with them on this committee:

Mr. Fred Pine	Mr. Otto Underhill

Mrs. J. R. Habbart	Mr. Harry Miller

Mr. Jack Hassett

The foregoing appointments were accepted.

Commissioner Bunker moved that pursuant to the request of the Property Owners'
Association, Inc. contained in their letter of July 11, 1950, for a hearing on the
decontrol of rental properties, this Public Hearing be set for August 9, 1950 at
8:00 P.M., and the necessary notice of this hearing be made.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Moore and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioners Peccole

and Whipple.

Commissioner Moore moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos. 1972 to 1977 in-
clusive in the total amount of $18,664.52 and Warrant No. 1978 for $33.30 be approved
and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:Commissioners

Bunker, Moore and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioners Peccole

and Whipple.

Commissioner Moore moved the notification under date of July 13, 1950 from the Depart-
ment of Commerce, Civil Aeronautics Administration that their Invitation to Bid on the
concrete brick building abating the Westher Bureau Building at Las Vegas Air Force Base
has been accepted by the Government be ordered filed; further that this building be

PAYROLL WARRANTS

WATER RESTRICTIONS

Appointment of
"Water Committee"



RENT DECONTROL -
Public Hearing Date Set



SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS



BID ON BUILDING AT
AIR FORCE BASE

Awarded to City