Thereafter Commissioner Moore moved that Assessment District No. 200-2 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Blanker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye: noes, none.

GREEN GABLES COURT	Mr. Pavalo, Manager of the Green Gables Trailer Court appeared before the Board at this

time and explained there had been a misunderstanding as to the time she was to appear be-
fore the Board relative to the condemnation of the Green Gables Trailer Court. She re-
quested that the Board allow at least a thirty day extension of time for the occupants
of the court to vacate.
 

  Commissioner Bunker moved the order in the Minutes of February 21, 1950 condemning the
Green Gables Trailer Court be rescinded and Mrs. Pavalo be given until April 1, 1950
to get the court in order.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PURCHASE OF CITY LAND	Mr. Cleveland Schultz owner of the San Soucci Court on Highway 91 presented his proposal

Cleveland Schultz	for the purchase of City land directly back of his auto court for the installation of a

park and playground.

 	Commissioner Moore moved this proposal be tabled. .

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

HOSPITALIZATION	Mr. Eagle of the Occidental Insurance Company was present to request the Board to sign the ne-

INSURANCE	cessary application so that his company could introduce their hospitalization program to the

city employees. Mr. Eagle was informed that the Board had no authority to authorize the
 	signing of this application,

TAXICAB STANDS	Mr. Al Riddle, spokesman for the taxicab operators, stated that it was rumored that the City

was going to reallocate taxicab stands on Fremont Street. His Honor told Mr. Riddle that this
 	matter would be taken care of by the City Manager in his recommendation to the Board and sug-

gested that the taxicab operators present their objections or recommendations in writing to the
Board before their meeting of March 22, 1950.

RECESS	At the hour of 4:00 P.M. Commissioner Peccole moved this meeting recess.

 	Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye: noes, none.

RECONVENED	The meeting was called to order at the hour of 5: 30 P.M. by His Honor Mayor Cragin with all

 	members present as of Idle opening session.

SERVICE & MATERIAL	Commissioner Moore moved that Service & Material Warrant No. 1915 in the total amount of

WARRANT	$1,649.12 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

 	           Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ASSESSMENT ROLL #5-1919 Commissioner Moore moved that the final Assessment Roll #5-1959, Street Lighting Assess-
Biltmore Addition	ment for Bond Retirement, Biltmore Addition, Biltmore Addition Annex #1, and Biltmore

Addition Annex #2 be referred to the Assessor.



Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

BID NO. 50-3	Commissioner Moore moved that Bid No. 50.3, Seed and Fertilizer, heretofore opened on

February 21, 1950 be awarded in the following manner:

 	Items Nos. 1 and 2	Simpsons House of Service

Items Nos, 3,4,6 and 7	Garden Center

Item No. 5	Clark County Wholesale

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

There being no further business to come before this special meeting, the meeting adjourned.

Las Vegas, Nevada
February 28, 1950

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO:	SHIRLEY BALLINGER, City Clerk 

Las Vegas, Nevada

A Special Meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas is hereby called
to be held in the Mayor's Office at the City Hall, on the 28th day of February, 1950, at
the hour of 7:15 P.M. to consider the following matters: