The question being upon the adoption of said motion and the suspension of the
rules, the roll was called with the following result:

Those voting aye; Commissioner Bunker
Commissioner Jarrett
Commissioner Peccole
Mayor Baker

Passed Vote:	Commissioner Whipple

Those voting nay:	None

All members of the Board of Commissioners having voted in favor of said motion,
the Mayor declared said motion carried and the rules suspended*

Commissioner Peccole then moved that said resolution be now placed upon its
final passage and adopted. The question being upon the passage and adoption of
said resolution, the roll was called with the following result:

Those voting aye:	Commissioner Bunker

Commissioner Jarrett
Commissioner Peccole
Mayor Baker

Passed Vote:	Commissioner Whipple

Those voting nay:	None

The Mayor thereupon declared that all the Commissioners present having voted in
favor thereof, said motion was carried and the said resolution duly passed and
adopted.

WESTSIDE FIRE STATION	At this time the City Manager reported that the low bidder on the construction

of the Westside Fire Station had agreed to deduct a total amount of $4,192,00
	from his bid for certain work that the City would do* Mr. Shelley recommended

that this bid be accepted.

Commissioner Peccole moved the bid of J. A. Tiberti Construction Co. on the con-
struction of the Westside Fire Station being $41,989.00 less the $4,192.00 to be
deducted, be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

POWER SERVICE	Mr. William Chamberlain, Executive Secretary of the Chamber of Commerce and members

	of the Chamber of Commerce Power Committee were present at this time. This committee,

composed of Messrs. Mitch Hewitt, Max Kelch, James C. Young, and Jim Henderson dis-
cussed the forthcoming hearing before the Public Service Commission concerning
power service in the City. Discussion was held.

Commissioner Jarrett moved the City of Las Vegas underwrite to bring in a technical
engineer to assist the City Attorney secure information needed to be presented be-
fore the Public Service Commission and that the City spend up to $379.00 for these
services.	

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

CLARK COUNTY HUMANE	A letter from the Clark County Humane Society regarding the amount of money paid

SOCIETY	them for services during December, 1991 was presented to the Board, Discussion was

Dog Pound Agreement	held on this matter.

	Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the agreement with the Clark County Humane So-

ciety for the operation of the Dog Pound be amended so that they will receive
$$579.50 per month from the City, and the balance of $532.00 for the month of Dec-
ember be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign the warrant when
drawn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

GEORGE HARRIS PROPERTY	Commissioner Peccole moved action on the report of the building department concern-

4th & Ogden	ing the property owned by George Harris on the corner of 4th and Ogden be deferred

	until the next regular meeting, and the Building Inspector be instructed to post

notices on this building that the premises are not to be occupied or trespassed
upon except by proper authorities.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT	Commissioner Whipple moved the request of Wells Cargo Inc. for partial payment on

NO. 100-2	Assessment District No. 100-2 being in the total amount of $2,052.00, as recommended

Partial Payment	by the City Engineer be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign

the warrant when drawn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

SIMON BUILDING LOADING	The report from the City Attorney concerning the lack of a loading zone for the

ZONE	Simon Building located at 3rd and Fremont Streets was presented to the Board at

this time.