There being no further business to come before this special meeting Commissioner
Whipple moved the meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Peccole.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:



Las Vegas, Nevada
February 6, 1952

A regular meeting of the Board Of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held this
6th day of February, 1952 was called to order at the hour of 7:35 P. M. by His Honor
Mayor C. D. Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner 	Wendell Bunker
Commissioner 	Rex A. Jarrett
Commissioner 	William Peccole
Commissioner 	Reed Whipple

City Manager 	C. W. Shelley
Asst. City

Attorney 	Ralston O. Hawkins
City Clerk 	Shirley Ballinger

Absent:	City Attorney  Howard W. Cannon

MINUTES	Commissioner Whipple moved the minutes of December 19, 21, 27, 1951 and January 16, 18,

22 and February 1, 1952 be approved by reference and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized
to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

BEVERLY GREEN TRACT	Commissioner Bunker moved that pursuant to the recommendation of the Regional Planning

Tentative Map	Commission the revised tentative map of Beverly Green Tract be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Rezoning to R-4	Commissioner Whipple moved the public hearing on the proposed rezoning from R-1 to

R-4 of the Beverly Green Tract being the NE¼ of the SW¼, Section 3, T. 21 S., R 61 E.,

	M.D.B. & M. and Lots 1 to 7, Block C and Lot 1 to 13, Block D, be set for March 5,

1952 at the hour of 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ANNEXATION REQUEST	The matter of the request of Mack and Wollman for the City to annex their property

	located on East Charleston Boulevard, was presented to the Board for their considera-

tion, along with the request of the School for Handicapped Children for the same action.
Commissioner Whipple moved this matter be referred to the Planning Commission for study
and recommendation to the City Council as soon as possible for action together with
any other property to be annexed at the same time.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT	  The request of Wells Cargo Inc. for release of retained money on their contract for

NO. 100-2	the installation of improvements in Assessment District No. 100-2 was considered at

Payment to Contractor	this time. Discussion was held with Mr. Maurice Clayton of this firm.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved that upon the recommendation of the City
Engineer and the City Manager that the retained amount on Assessment District No.

100-2 be released, down to $6,000.00 and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to
sign the warrant when drawn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

SERVICE & MATERIAL	Commissioner Whipple moved that Sendee and Material Warrants Nos. 2227 to 2231 in-

WARRANTS	clusive in the total amount of $40,472.71 and No. 2233 in the total amount of

	$16,812.68 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PUBLIC HEARING -	This being the time heretofore set for the rezoning from R-E to R-1 of the following

Morningside Park Rezoning 		described property:

	NE¼ of SE¼ of Section 2, MDB&M