Las Vegas, Nevada
October 11, 1951

A recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas held this 11th day of October, 1951 was called to order
the hour of 7:30 P.M. by His Honor Mayor C. D. Baker with the
following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	Rex A. Jarrett

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

Also Present:         City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

City Engineer	C. C. Boyer

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent:	Commissioner	William Peccole

City Manager	C. W. Shelley

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT	Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the City Engineer to

NO. 100-6	accept the low bid on Assessment District No. 100-6, the same being the

Award of Construction	bid of J. M. Murphy Construction Co., in the total amount of $112,165.96

Bid	be accepted and approved and the contract be entered into upon the fur- 

nishing of the required performance bond, and conditioned upon the sale
	of the improvement bonds by the City of Las Vegas.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.	Absent: Commissioner Peccole.

At this time Commissioner Bunker left the meeting.

GARBAGE CONTRACT	Commissioner Jarrett moved the City Attorney be instructed to give the

Garbage Contractor notice that he is in default for failing to make
regular pick up of garbage in the following areas and unless he re-
lieves the situation within ten days from date of receipt of notice
the contract will be declared terminated:

Boulder Dam Homesite Additions
Bucks Subdivision
Crestwood Subdivision
 Mayfair
Pioneer Heights

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent: Commissioners Bunker and Peccole.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at this time
Commissioner Jarrett moved this meeting adjourn until October 17, 1951
at the hour of 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Jarrett, Whipple, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent: Commissioners Bunker and Peccole.

ATTEST:		APPROVED:

 City Clerk		Mayor

Las Vegas, Nevada
October 17, 1951

A recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held this 17th day of October, 1951 was called to order at the
hour of 7:30 P.M. by His Honor Mayor C. D. Baker with the following
members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	Rex A. Jarrett

Commissioner	William Peccole

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	C. W. Shelley

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger