due and payable successively on or before the same day in each year there-
after until paid in full, with interest in all cases on the unpaid and
deffered installments of principal from the 1st day of November, 1951, at
the same rate of interest as that provided for in the special assessment
bond to be hereafter authorized, sold, issued and delivered, but not to
to exceed seven per centum (7%) per annum, payable annually at the office
of said Ex-officio City Treasurer, the first annual payment of interest
being due and payable on the said 1st day of November, 1952, and the re-
mainder of said annual installments of interest being due and payable on
the 1st day of November in each year thereafter. Failure to pay any in-
stallment, whether of principal or interest, when due, shall cause the
whole of the unpaid principal to become due and payable immediately, and
the whole amount of the unpaid principal and accrued interest shall there-
after draw interest at the rate of ten per centum per annum, until the
day of sale, but at any time prior to the day of the sale, the owner may
pay the amount of all unpaid installments, with interest thereon at ten
per centum per annum, and all penalties accrued, and shall thereupon be
restored to the right thereafter to pay in installments in the same manner
as if default had not been suffered. The owner of any property not in
default as to any installment or payment may, at any time, pay the whole
of the unpaid principal with interest accruing thereon to the next interest
paying date.

Each assessment, together with interest thereon, shall be placed	

on the tax roll of Clark County on and against the several owners and pre-
mises, and the County Assessor of Clark County, acting Ex-officio Assessor
of the City of Las Vegas, is hereby authorized and directed to enter the
same on the tax roll of said County and to extend the same in a special
column for special assessments on said tax roll, and the County Treasurer
of said County, the Ex-officio City Treasurer and Ex-officio Tax Collector
of the City of Las Vegas, is hereby authorized and directed to collect
the same, all in the same manner and at the same time as other State and
County taxes are collected, except as herein specifically provided.

SECTION 2. That all by-laws, orders, resolutions and ordinances,
or parts of by-laws, orders, resolutions and ordinances, in conflict with
this ordinance, are hereby repealed.

SECTION 3. That if any one or more sections, sentences, clauses
or parts of this ordinance shall, for any reason, be questioned or be held
invalid, such judgment shall not affect, impaid or invalidate the remaining
provisions of this ordinance, but shall be confined in its operation to the
specific sections, sentences, clauses or parts of this ordinance so held
unconstitutional and invalid, and the inapplicability and invalidity of any
section, sentence, clause or part of this ordinance, in any one or more in-
stances, shall not affect or prejudice in any way the applicability and
validity of this ordinance in any other instances.

SECTION 4. That by reason of the fact that the streets of the
City of Las Vegas are inadequate to meet the present and future needs of the
City and its inhabitants and that it is necessary immediately to raise funds
to improve said streets, therefore, it is hereby declared that an emergency
exists, and this ordinance is necessary for the immediate preservation of
the public peace, health and safety.

SECTION 5. That the City Clerk and the Clerk of the Board of
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, shall cause this ordinance to be
published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following its
final reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily news-
paper published in said City, and this ordinance shall become effective
immediately following the second publication hereof.

PASSED, ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 19th day of September, 1951.

Commissioner Whipple then duly seconded the motion to adopt the foregoing
ordinance. The question being upon the adoption of said ordinance, the
roll was called with the following result:

Those voting "Aye":	Commissioner Bunker

Commissioner Jarrett
Commissioner Peccole
Commissioner Whipple
Mayor Baker

Those voting "Nay”;	None

Thereupon, the presiding officer declared said motion carried and the or-
dinance duly passed and adopted.

It was then moved by Commissioner Bunker and seconded by Commissioner
Whipple that all rules of this Board which might prevent, tinless suspended,
the final passage and adoption of this ordinance at this meeting be and
the same are hereby suspended for the purpose of permitting the final
passage and adoption of said emergency ordinance at this meeting.

The question being upon the adoption of said motion and the suspension
of the rules, the roll was called with the Following result: