Hyram Powell	341	Robert Boese	$288

C.D. Ross	341	James Gay	288

Vera Samples	231	Robert Genochio	381

John Skelton	305	Maxine Crisp	288

George Thompson	341	A.B. Clark	288

Albert Wood	288	      D. Cooley	341

Harry Hatfield	426	H. Moody	305

William Ash	360

Commissioner Whipple moved the foregoing recommendations for increase in salary by the
City Manager be approved and made effective July 6, 1951.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner

Bunker.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, Commissioner Whipple
moved this meeting adjourned until July 18, 1951.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner

Bunker.

ATTEST:		APPROVED:



Las Vegas, Nevada
July 18, 1951

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held this 18th day of July, 1951 was called
to order at the hour of 7:30 P.M. by His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple with the following
members present: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, and Peccole; City Manager C.W. Shelley,

City Attorney Howard W. Cannon and Chief Deputy City Clerk Betty Funston. Absent: Mayor
Baker.

VACATION	At this time a letter from the Regional Planning Commission, accompanied by a plat of

Fairfield Place	Fairfield Place between Cincinnati and San Francisco, was read to the Board.

	Commissioner Bunker moved that a public hearing on this proposed vacation be set for

August 22, 1951 at 7:30 P.M. and notices provided by law to be posted.

Seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried hy the following vote: Commissioners Bunker,

Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent
Mayor Baker.

BID NO.51.5	This being the time heretofore set for the opening of bids for the purchase of electric

light bulbs, bids were received from the following firms.

	Clark County Wholesale

Osborne & Kitchen, Inc.

Clark County Electric
Luce and Goodfellow
Electric City Appliance
Savier’s Electric Co.

Commissioner Bunker moved these bids be referred to the City Manager and Comptroller for
tabulation and recommendation.

Seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker,

Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Mayor Baker.

PAYROLL WARRANTS	Commissioner Bunker moved that payroll warrants No. 1213, 1214, 1215, and 1216 in the

net amount of $28,816.92 be approved and Mayor Pro Tem and City Clerk authorized to sign

	same.

Seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker,

Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Mayor Baker.

SERVICE AND MATERIALS      Commissioner Peccole moved Service and Material Warrants Nos. 2135 to 2139, inclusive,
WARRANTS	in the amount of $64,749.00 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign

	same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.
Absent: Mayor Baker.

PUBLIC HEARING	The Notice of Public Hearing was read to the Board.

F.E. Searway

Commissioner Peccole moved the right-of-way on H Street involving property between Bonanza
	Road and Washington Street be checked by the Engineering Department and a report made to

the Board as to the feasibility of reducing the eight foot right-of-way to seventy feet.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioner
Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting ayej noes, none.

Absent: Mayor Baker.

E.T. NOLLNER	At this time, Mr. E.T. Nollner of the Las Vegas Motel Owners’ Association appeared before

Motel Owners'	the Board regarding noise abatement program. He stated that the motel owners were disap-

Association	pointed in the progress of the program to eliminate the noise of trucks and heavy equip-

ment on Fifth and Main Streets.

Sgt. Bob Cooper of the Traffic Department of the Police Department made a short report
on the number of citations given to operators of such vehicles. Chief Maxwell also told
the Board his Department was trying to correct this situation.

Thereupon, Commissioner Bunker suggested that the Police Department be particularly vigilant