Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

LIQUOR LICENSE      This being the time heretofore set for Mr. Joseph Nosanchuck, owner of the
Payless Liquor Store       Payless Liquor Store to appear before the Board of Commissioners to show
cause why his Retail Liquor license should not be revoked because of the
	conviction of one of his employees in Municipal Court on September 5, 1951

of selling liquor to minors, Mr. Nosanchuck was present represented by his
attorney Mr. Harold Morse.

Mr. Morse discussed this matter with the Board and stated that he had a
number of character witnesses available to testify, if that was the with of
Board. Discussion followed and none of the character references were called
upon.

Thereafter Commissioner Jarrett moved that Mr. Nosanchuck be given a warning
and allowed to remain in business and the reason for this warning is that the
Board does not want to hold a hammer over his head; however we want to give
tavern owners a fair warning that the sale of liquor is a privilege and if
there is anything further that happens, I will move to revoke such a license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

UNITED NATIONS      At this time His Honor announced the appointment of a committee for the ob-
WEEK	servance of United Nations Week and United Nations Day on October 24, 1941,

Committee Appointed        said committee being as follows:

	Mrs. Ruth Hazard - Chairman

Mrs. Adrian Du Boid
Mrs. Florence Murphy
Mrs. Corinne Fitzgerald
Mrs. Mildred Ashworth
Miss Marion Talley
Mrs. Gladys Dula
Mrs. Gloriah King

EDGEWOOD DRIVE  Commissioner Whipple moved a quit claim to the Las Vegas Land and Water Co-
Quitclaim to Pipe-           mpany, deeding any right to the pipe line in Edgewood Drive be approved and
line	the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

RECESS	At the hour of 10:10 P.M. the meeting recessed.

RECONVENED	His Honor Mayor Baker called the meeting to order at the hour of 10:30 P.M.

	with all members present as of the opening session.

CARNIVAL - Zion         A letter under date of September 14, 1951 from the Zion Methodist Church
Methodist Church	requesting permission to hold a carnival September 28th through September

	30, 1951 on Jackson Street between E and F Streets was presented to the

Board for their consideration.

Commissioner Bunker moved the request of the Zion Methodist Church to hold
the above mentioned carnival be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

AGREEMENTS -	Two agreements as submitted by the State Highway Department on the proposed

State Highway Dept.	improvement of South 5th Street from the south city limits to Oakey Boulevard,

	were presented to the Board for their consideration.

Commissioner Peccole moved the proposed improvements as suggested by the
State Highway Department and the agreements submitted be accepted subject
to the approval of the City Attorney, and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized
to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

BUSINESS LICENSE	At this time the request of J. H. Wadsworth, O. K. Barber Shop, formerly

& FEES	located at 107 South 1st for a refund of his license,trash removal and sewer

Request for refund          rental fees for the months of August and September;1951 was presented at this
time.

Discussion was held on this matter and the City Attorney advised the Board
that according to the existing ordinances of the City there is no authority
given them to refund license fees.

Thereafter Commissioner Peccole moved the garbage and sewer rental fees for
the months of August and September be refunded to J. H. Wadsworth.