Las Vegas, Nevada
December 19, 1951

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held this
19th day of December, 1951 was called to order at the hour of 7:40 P. M. by His
Honor Mayor C. D. Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner 	Wendell Bunker
Commissioner 	Rex A. Jarrett
Commissioner 	William Peccole
Commissioner 	Reed Whipple

City Attorney 	Howard W. Cannon
City Manager 	C. W. Shelley
City Clerk  	Shirley Ballinger

MINUTES	Commissioner Whipple moved the minutes of December 5, 1951 be approved by refer-

ence and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PAYROLL WARRANTS	Commissioner Whipple moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 1267 to 1270 inclusive in

the net amount of $30,567.70 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized
	to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

SERVICE & MATERIAL	Commissioner Whipple moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos. 2210 to 2213 in-

WARRANTS	clusive in the total amount of $24,062.72 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk

authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

 ASSESSMENT DISTRICT	This being the time heretofore set for the opening of bids for the installation of

NO. 200-10	improvements in Assessment District No. 200-10, bids were received from the following

Bid on Improvement	concerns:

	WELLS CARGO INC.	$4,106.80

NEVADA CONSTRUCTION CO. 3,997.00

Commissioner Bunker moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Engineer and
City Manager for investigation and award to the best bidder.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

EMPLOYMENT OF ALIENS	At this time Mr. Jerry Kostiner appeared before the Board regarding the ordinance

	which prohibits aliens from working in gambling houses. Mr. Kostiner explained

that his wife was unable to secure clearance from the Police Department in order
that she might work as a cocktail waitress, shill or dealer.

Discussion was held on this matter and thereafter Commissioners Peccole and Whipple
were appointed to study this matter and report back to the Board at the next regular
meeting.

DUFFY'S TAVERN LOCATION	Mr. Harry Farnow appeared before the Board at this time concerning the location of

Duffy's Tavern now to be situated at 1815 South 5th Street.

The petition from property owners in the vicinity of 1145 South 5th Street was
presented to the Board and His Honor asked those persons present if they had any
objections to the new proposed location. Messrs. V. Gray Gubler and W. E. Ferron
stated they did not object to this location.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Harry Farnow and Joe Schramm dba Duffy's
Tavern, 1815 South 5th Street for a tavern liquor license be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

DISINTERMENT AT	A letter from Mr. George Rudiak, attorney for Mrs. Mary Madden regarding the burial

WOODLAWN CEMETERY	of Mrs. Moreland in Woodlawn Cemetery was read to the Board at this time.

Mrs. Moreland

Thereafter Commissioner Peccole moved that the Superintendent of the Cemetery pro-
	ceed with the removal of the body from the present plot to another plot to be ac-

ceptable by Mrs. Madden and that the removal be accomplished not to exceed ninety
days and the City Treasurer be authorized to pay $500.00 and the Mayor and City
Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, Commissioner
Bunker.

INCREASE OF BURIAL FEES	The request of George F. Maxwell, Superintendent of Woodlawn Cemetery to increase

burial fees was referred to Commissioners Bunker and Jarrett for study and recom-
	mendation.