PRECINCT NO. 37:       Freida C. Kingsley, Guy Mathis, Grace Baldwin, Marjorie
Kunkel, Wilma Titus, Leah G. Ludwig, Margaret O’Donnel
Jamie Lou Johnston

PRECINCT NO. 38:	Bertie Nicholson, Byrde Rafael, Jane Brannon, Lloyd T. Jones,

Ellen Wright, Elizabeth Hartwell, Harry Hatfield, Raymond
Barozzi

PRECINCT NO. 39: Mabel Reeves, Helen Elizabeth Ham, Myrtle Shelley, Ruth M.

Maxwell, Janet Adams, Mildred Schweke, Edyth Saunders,

Laura M. Petitt

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved the foregoing list of Election
Board workers be approved and said appointments made for the City
 Election to be held May 8, 1951.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following Vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor noting aye;
noes, none.

RUSSELL TRACT	Commissioner Whipple moved the public hearing on the rezoning of the

Rezoning Public	Russell Tract from R-A to R-E be set for April 25, 1951 at the hour

Hearing Set	of 3:30 P.M.

	Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following

vote: Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT	Commissioner Whipple moved that the property owners in Assessment

NO. 100-9	District No. 100-9 whose deposit for street paving was paid by

Toleno Construction Co. in 1949 be notified by the City Manager that
	the Engineering Department’s estimate made at that time is not sufficient

to pay for this improvement, and request them to remit the additional
amount due.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

WATER DISTRICT -	Commissioner Peccole moved the City Manager make a survey to determine

Sewage Disposal Plant Effluent   whether the City can establish a water district for the effluent from
the Sewage disposal Plant and obtain information regarding the cost of
obtaining the services of a consultant engineer for this project.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried.

SALE OF CITY PROPERTY	Commissioner Peccole moved that due to the fact that the Board had

advised Mr. L. E. Harry, a bidder on City Property that he would be
	given notice when and if the property was to be sold and on what terms,

and he was not notified of this sale, that the sale made last Wednesday,
March 28, 1951 be rescinded and the property be put up for public bid.
Further, if this property is put up for sale and my client should be
the high bidder, my commission will be given to the Library Building Fund.

This motion lost for lack of a second.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at this
time Commissioner Whipple moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor
voting aye; noes, none.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:



***** *

Las Vegas, Nevada
April 11, 1951

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, was held on Wednesday the 11th day of April, 1951
at the hour of 3:30 o’clock P.M., at the City Hall, being the regular
meeting place of said Board, at which meeting there were present and
answering the roll call the following:

Mayor:	E. W. Cragin

Commissioner:	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner:	Robert T. Moore

Commissioner:	William Peccole

Commissioner:	Reed Whipple

constituting all of the members of said Board. There were also present
the following:

	City Manager: C. W. Shelley

City Attorney:	Howard W. Cannon

City Clerk:	Shirley Ballinger

Absent: City Engineer W. C. Anderson