WHEREAS, pursuant to application of the Authority, the Public Housing Administra-
tion has approved a program reservation for one hundred (100) dwelling units for the
proposed low-rent housing project in the City;

WHEREAS, the Authority has started negotiations for and contemplates purchasing
approximately twenty (20) acres of ground on the Westside, Las Vegas, Nevada commonly
known as the Harper Property, as a site for the proposed low-rent project;

WHEREAS, under the proposed improvement plan for the said site, the project will
be bounded by three streets, namely, H. Street on the East, Washington Avenue on the
north, and McWilliams Street on the South;

WHEREAS, the Authority has requested that the City improve, pave and provide
sidewalks for the above-mentioned three streets bounding the proposed project,
concurrently with the construction of the proposed project by the Authority, and in
consideration whereof, the Authority has agreed to pay the City such amount as would
be assessed against the project site for such improvement work if the said property
were privately owned;

WHEREAS, the City recognizes the obligation under the above mentioned Cooperation
Agreement but is unable to fulfill its obligations with respect to the three bounding
streets at the present time for the following reasons:

(a)	The customary method of paving streets and providing side-
walks and other improvements in the City is to create an
assessment district with the property on each side of the
street bearing-one-half of the cost of improvements. In
the case of streets bounding the proposed project the
private property abuting the said streets on the opposite
sides is not high enough in value to support an assessment
district and pay its one-half share of improvements.

(b)	The City does not have general funds presently budgeted and
available for such street improvements.

WHEREAS, in view of the inability of the City to presently fulfill its obligations
under the Cooperation Agreement with respect to the said bounding streets, the Authority is
willing, in connection with its overall construction program, to provide sidewalks for and
pave one-half of the above-mentioned three bounding streets, provided the City will:

(a) On or before the completion of the proposed project gravel
and oil coat the other one-half of the said streets.

(b) On or before July 1, 1953, either by assessment or through
funds provided in the regular budget, complete the paving
of the remaining one-half of the said three bounding streets.

WHEREAS, since the cost to the Authority for paving one-half of the three bounding
streets in connection with its overall construction program will be approximately the same
amount as if the City paved all of said streets and assessed the Authority for its share,
the Authority should not be assessed any further amounts by the City when the said
City completes the other one-half of the paving;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED:	That if the Authority acquires the approximate

twenty (20) acres on the Westside, and commonly known as the Harper Property, and constructs
thereon a low-rent housing project and in connection therewith provides sidewalks and paves
one-half of the three bounding streets known as H Street, Washington; Avenue and McWilliams
Street, that the City will:

1.	On or before the completion of said project gravel and oil coat
the other half of said streets.

2.	On or before July 1, 1953, either by assessment or through funds provided

in the regular budget, pave the remaining one-half of the said three streets
bounding the project.

3.	Will consider the funds spent by the Authority for paving the one-half of said
streets as being in lieu of what the Authority would have been required to pay
if the City had paved all of said streets and assessed the Authority for its
share, as if privately owned and will, therefore, not make any assessment
against the said Authority when the other one-half of said three streets are
paved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Moore and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye} noes, none. Absent: Mayor Cragin and Commissioner Peccole.

FREMONT STREET -	Commissioner Moore moved the local Casino Operators be granted

Permission to	permission to blockade Fremont Street from Main Street to Second

Blockade	Street on Friday September 29, 1950 from 6:30 P.M. to 12:30 A.M.



Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Bunker, Moore and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem

Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor Cragin and

Commissioner Peccole.

There being no further business to come before this special meeting,
Commissioner Moore moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Bunker, Moore and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem

Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor Cragin and

Commissioner Peccole.