Hundred and Ninety-One Dollars and Ninety-Six Cents ($391.96) with all bonds dated August
1, 1950.

For all, but not. less than all, of the legally issued bonds, as described above, I
bid you the par value thereof, or 100% of face value, plus accrued interest to the date
of delivery and a premium of Twenty-Seven ($27.00) Dollars.

With bonds maturing August 1, 1951 through August 1, 1955,
inclusive to bear interest at the rate of four (4%) percent
per annum

and

with bonds maturing August 1, 1956 through August 1, I960,

Inclusive to bear interest at the rate of three and three-
quarters (3 3/4%). per cent per annum.

I enclose herewith my check on the Bank of Nevada made payable to the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada in the amount of Twenty-Five Thousand Three Hundred Ninety-One Dollars and
Ninety-Six Cents ($25,391.96) which is to be returned to me in the event you are unable
to award the bonds to me or to deliver the bonds to me in accordance with terms of my
bid and in the event the bonds are not awarded to me I ask that it be returned as soon
as convenient.

Very truly yours,
s/ W. Roger Barnard

November 15, 1950

City Council City of Las Vegas

City Hall

Las Vegas, Nevada

Gentlemen: 

According to your Notice of Sale, which is incorporated herein by reference, there
will be sealed proposals received up to the hour of 3:30 P.M., Wednesday, November 15,

1950 for the sale of Twenty-Five Thousand Three Hundred and Ninety-One Dollars and
Ninety-Six Cents ($25,391.96) Las Vegas West Charleston Boulevard Sanitary Sewer Im-
provement Bonds, Series of August 1,. 1950, in the denominations of One Thousand
($1,000.00) Dollars and one bond in the denomination of Three Hundred and Ninety-One
Dollars and Ninety-Six Cents ($391.96).

For all, but not less than all, of the legally issued bonds, as described above, we
bid you the par value thereof, or 100% of face value, plus accrued interest to the date
	of delivery and a premium of Twenty-Seven ($27.00) Dollars.

With all bonds maturing August 1, 1951 through August 1, 1960,
inclusive, to bear interest at the rate of Three and Three
Quarters (3 3/4%) Percent per annum.

Also, in accordance with your Notice of Sale and as evidence of our good faith, we
enclose herewith our Certified Check in the amount of Thirteen Hundred ($1,300.00)

Dollars payable to the City of Las Vegas, which is to be held by you uncashed, and is
to be returned to us in the event you are unable to award the bonds to us or deliver the bonds
to us in accordance with the terms of our bid. If we are not awarded the bonds, we ask
that it be returned to us as soon as convenient.

This bid is made subject to the condition that you will furnish us, without charge,
a certified copy of the proceedings for the above mentioned issue, and that upon the
  basis of which we will be able to secure, at our expense, the unqualified opinion of
Messrs. Perhsing, Bosworth, Dick & Dawson, Attorneys at Law of Denver, Colorado,
approving the legality of such proceedings in every particular.

Very truly yours,

HANNAFORD & TALBOT, San Francisco

BOETTCHER & CO., Denver, Colorado

JURAN & MOODY, ST. Paul, Minnesota

By s/ Belden.S. Gardner

For Hannaford & Talbot

Commissioner Peccole moved the bids be referred to the City Comptroller for tabulation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker,, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His' Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PUBLIC HEARING -	The Mayor announced that, this was the time and place designated for the Board of Commissioners

Assessment District.	of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada to meet and hear and consider any suggestions and objections

No. 100-2	that may be made by parties in interest to the proposed improvements, or any matters relating

thereto, in the proposed Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-2, in said City as
provided in Emergency Ordinance No. 433, passed, adopted and approved the 25th day of October,
1950, and the notice, prescribed therein. The Mayor then asked if any written objections,
suggestions or comments concerning said district had been filed in the office of the City
Clerk. The Chief Deputy City Clerk answered that no objections, suggestions or comments
concerning said District had been filed in her office prior to said meeting and she filed
a certificate with the Board of Commissioners to that effect.

The Mayor then publicly asked if anyone desired to make any objections, suggestion or
comment, or raise any question concerning said District. No such objection, suggestion,
comment or question was made or raised.