Section 5. That when said bonds have been duly executed, the City Treasurer in the City
of Las Vegas shall deliver them to the lawful purchaser thereof on receipt of the purchase price.

The funds realized from the sale of the bonds shall be applied solely to defray the cost and ex-
pense of making said improvements, but the purchaser of said bonds shall in no manner be respon-
sible for the application by said City, or any of its officers, of any of the funds derived
from the sale thereof.

Section 6. That the officers of the City of Las Vegas be, and they hereby are, author—
ized and directed to take all actions necessary or appropriate to effectuate the provisions of
this ordinance, including, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the printing of
said bonds and the execution of such certificates as may reasonably be required by the purchasers
thereof, relating, interalia, to the signing of the bonds, the tenure and identity of the muni-
cipal officials, the amounts certified on the assessment roll together with the amount of cash
payments, the accuracy of property descriptions, the receipt of the assignable certificates and
the delivery of the bonds, and the absence of litigation pending or threatened affecting the
validity of the bonds.

Section 7. That after said street improvement bonds are issued, this ordinance shall
be and remain irrepealable until said bonds and the interest thereon shall be fully paid, cer-
tified and discharged, as herein provided.

Section 8. That all ordinances or resolutions, or parts thereof, in conflict with
the provisions of this ordinance, are hereby repealed. This repealer shall not be construed
to revive any ordinance, nor resolution, or part thereof, heretofore repealed0

Section 90 That if any one or more sections, sentences, clauses or parts of this
ordinance shall, for any reason, be questioned or be held invalid, such judgment shall not
affect, impair or invalidate the remaining provisions of this ordinance, but shall be confined
in its operation to the specific sections, sentences, clauses or parts of this ordinance so held
unconstitutional and invalid, and the inapplicability and invalidity of any section, sentence,
clause or part of this ordinance, in any one or more instances shall not affect or prejudice
in any way the applicability and validity of this ordinance in any other instances0

Section 10. That by reason of the fact that the streets of the City of Las Vegas are
inadequate to meet the present and future needs of the City and its inhabitants and that it is
necessary immediately to raise funds to improve said streets; therefore, it is hereby declared
that an emergency exists, and that this ordinance is necessary for the immediate preservation
of the public peace, health and safety.

Section 11. That the City Clerk and Clark of the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, shall cause this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks
immediately following its final reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Review-Journal, a daily
newspaper published in said City, and this ordinance shall become effective immediately follow-
ing the second publication hereof.

PASSED, ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 6th day of February, 1952.

s/ C. D. Baker

(SEAL)	Mayor

ATTEST:

s/ Shirley Ballinger
City Clerk

Commissioner Peccole then seconded the motion to adopt the foregoing ordinance.

The question being upon the adoption of said ordinance, the roll was called with
the following result:

Those voting "Aye":	Commissioner Bunker

Commissioner Jarrett
Commissioner Peccole
Commissioner Whipple, and
Mayor Baker

Those voting "Nay":	None

Thereupon, the presiding officer declared said motion carried and the ordinance duly
passed and adopted.

It was then moved by Commissioner Whipple and seconded by Commissioner Peccole, that
all rules of -this Board which might prevent, unless suspended, the final passage and
adoption of this ordinance at this meeting be, and the same are hereby, suspended
for the purpose of permitting the final passage and adoption of said emergency or-
dinance at this meeting.

The question being upon the adoption of said motion and the suspension of the rules,
the roll was called with the following result:

Those voting "Aye":	Commissioners Bunker

Commissioner Jarrett
Commissioner Peccole
Commissioner Whipple, and
Mayor Baker

Those voting "Nay": None

  The presiding officer declared said motion carried and the rules suspended

Commissioner Whipple then moved that said ordinance heretofore introduced and read
in full at this meeting be now placed upon its passage. Commissioner Peccole seconded
the motion, and the question being upon the placing of said ordinance upon its pass-
age, the roll was called with the following result: