MOVING PERMIT PEES	Commissioner Peccole moved the matter of moving permit fees be referred to the City

Attorney's office and an appropriate amendment be made to the ordinance to include
	the fee of $20.00 for moving buildings within the City and $25.00 plus ten cents per

mile for buildings located outside the City.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absents
Mayor Gragin and Commissioner Moore.

CHI PARK	Commissioner Peccole moved that the Recreation Director, Park Superintendent, City

Manager, representative from the Planning Commission and City Engineer be asked to
	attend the next regular meeting of the Board on October 25, 1950 to discuss the

planning of the City Park.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Mayor Cragin and Commissioner Moore.

Commissioner Peccole moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Mayor Cragin and Commissioner Moore.

Las Vegas, Nevada
October 25, 1950

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County,
Nevada was held on Wednesday the 25th day of October, 1950, at the hour of 3:30 P.M.
at the City Hall, being the regular meeting place of said Board, at which meeting there
were present and answering the roll call, the following:

Mayor E. W. Cragin
Commissioner Wendell Bunker
Commissioner R. T. Moore
Commissioner William Peccole
Commissioner Reed Whipple

Absent:	None

constituting all of the members of said Board. There was also present the following:

City Manager C. W. Shelley
City Attorney Howard W. Cannon
Chief Deputy City Clerk Betty Funston
City Engineer W. C. Anderson

Absent: City Clerk Shirley Ballinger

PARKING - Streets	Members of the School Board appeared before the Board regarding the placing of "No

around the 5th Street	Parking" Signs on the north side of South Fifth Street in the 300 and 400 blocks.

school	The Mayor explained to those present that the Board of Commissioners had been in

error in taking the signs down inasmuch as there is now an ordinance on the books
	prohibiting parking around any school in the City from six in the morning until

six at night. Therefore, the signs would be replaced and the ordinance enforced.

After considerable discussion it was decided that a survey would be made of traffic
and parking problems and a solution worked out to the satisfaction of the School
Board and of the merchants in the South Fifth Street School area.

CITY PARK	The City Park map was presented to the Board by Mr. Fred Eaton and Mr. Robert

Schmutzer, of the Planning Commission, Mr. Bob Genochio, Recreation Director
	and Mr. Kenneth Hadland, Park Superintendent. A committee of Mr. Genochio, Mr. Hadland, Mr

Schmutzer and the City Manager were appointed by the Board to work out the details
of proposed improvements in the park as the work progresses.

SERVICE & MATERIAL	Commissioner Moore moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos. 2012 to 2016 in the

WARRANTS	amount of $28,837.31 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

	Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

RALPH O'NEILL -	Commissioner Whipple moved the statement of Ralph O'Neill for $1100.00 to cover pro-

Statement of Fees	fessional services rendered be paid.

	Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; Commissioner Bunker passed his vote;
noes, none.