August 10, 1950

Gentlemen:

According to your Notice of Sale, which is incorporated herein
by reference, there will be sealed proposals received up to the hour
of 3:00 P.M., Thursday, August 10, 1950 for the sale of Twenty-Five
Thousand and Three Hundred and Ninety-One Dollars and Ninety-Six Cents
($25,391.96) Las Vegas West Charleston Boulevard Sanitary Sewer Improvement
Bonds, Series of August 1, 1950, in the denomination of One Thousand
($1,000,00) Dollars and one bond in the denomination of Three Hundred
and Ninety-One Dollars and Ninety-Six Cents ($391.96), with all bonds
dated August 1, 1950.

For all, but not less than all, of the legally issued bonds,
as described above, we bid you the par value thereof, or 100% of face
value, plus accrued interest to the date of delivery and a premium of
Twenty-Seven ($27.00) Dollars,

With bonds maturing August 1, 1951 through
August 1, 1955, inclusive, to bear interest
at the rate of Four (4%) Percent per annum

and

with bonds maturing August 1, 1956, through
August 1, 1960, inclusive, to bear interest
at the rate of Three and Three-Quarters (3 3/4%)

Percent per annum.

Also, in accordance with your Notice of Sale and as evidence
of our good faith, we enclose herewith our Certified Check in the
amount of Thirteen Hundred ($1,300,00) Dollars payable the City of
Las Vegas, which is to be held by you uncashed, and is to be returned
to us in the event you are unable to award the bonds to us or deliver
the bonds to us in accordance with the terms of our bid. If we are
not awarded the bonds we ask that it be returned to us as soon as
convenient.

This bid is made subject to the condition that you will furnish
us, without charge, a certified copy of the proceedings for the above
mentioned issue, and that upon the basis of which we will be able to
secure, at our expense, the unqualified opinion of Messrs. Pershing,

Bosworth, Dick & Dawson, Attorneys of Denver, Colorado, approving the
legality of such proceedings in every particular.

Very truly yours,

HANNAFORD & TALBOT, San Francisco

BOETTCHER & CO., Denver, Colorado

JURAN & MOODY, St. Paul, Minnesota

By s/ Beldon S. Gardner

for Hannaford & Talbot

Thereafter, Commissioner Whipple moved the foregoing bids be referred to the
City Manager and Comptroller for tabulation and recommendation,

  Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Moore,, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

At this time City Attorney Howard W. Cannon arrived at the meeting.

SERVICE & MATERIAL	Commissioner Peccole moved Service & Material Warrant No. 1987 in the

WARRANT	total amount of $48,999.80, being the final payment on the Sewage Treatment

Hoagland-Findlay	Plant Construction to Hoagland-Findlay Engineering Co., less the claim in

Sewage Treatment	dispute of Stocks Mill and Supply Co. in the amount of $418.20, be approved

and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor votinggaye;
noes, hone,

SALE OF SPECIAL	Commissioner Whipple moved that pursuant to the tabulation and recommendation

ASSESSMENT BONDS	of the City Manager and Comptroller the bids of Hannaford and Talbot (et al),	

hereinabove stated on Las Vegas Mayfair Addition No. 2 Street Improvement
	Bonds, Las Vegas South Main Street Lighting Bonds, Las Vegas Boulder Dam Homesites

Addition Sanitary Sewer Bonds, and Las Vegas West Charleston Boulevard
Sanitary Sewer Improvement Bonds, being the best bids received, be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the First National Bank of Nevada be notified that their
bids on the above named Improvement Bonds have been rejected conditioned upon the
successful bidder complying with the terms of their bids; further that the Cashiers
Checks submitted by said First National Bank of Nevada along with these bids be
returned.