WHEREAS, in no case does the estimated amount of any special assessment upon any lot or pre-
mises for said improvements exceed fifty percent of the value of such lot or premises as shown upon
the latest tax: list or assessment roll for state and county taxation; and

WHEREAS, in the judgment of the Board of Commissioners of said City of Las Vegas, it is fair
and equitable that no portion of said cost and expense be borne by the City from its general funds; and

WHEREAS, said Board has heretofore taken certain proceedings to create said district, to make
said improvements, and to levy said assessments; and

WHEREAS, said proceedings are of questionable validity; and

WHEREAS, said Board has determined, and hereby determines, that said proceedings be abandoned
and no further action taken in connection therewith; and

WHEREAS, said Board considers it necessary, desirable, and for the best interests of the City,
to take the steps provided by law for the organization of an assessment district and the construction
therein of said improvements; and

WHEREAS, said Board, by a resolution duly adopted and approved on the 11th day of October, 1950,
ordered the City Engineer to make estimates of the expense thereof, and plats, diagrams and plans of the
work and of the locality to be improved, and to file such estimates, plats, diagrams and plans with the
City Clerk for public examination; and

WHEREAS, said estimates, plats, diagrams and plans were so filed on the 18th day of October,

1950;

NOW, THEREFORE, THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DOES ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

Section 1. That the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark and State
of Nevada, does hereby declare its determination to make certain public improvements by paving, curbing
and guttering certain streets and parts of streets therein, to create a special assessment district there-
for, and to defray the entire cost and expense thereof by special assessments made according to frontage
against the owners and the assessable lots, premises and property specially benefited by such improve-
ments and included within said district.

Section 2. That the Board proposes to pave said streets and parts of streets by grading and
constructing thereon an oil bound gravel pavement and by constructing on both sides of said streets and
parts of streets concrete curbs and gutters, wherever said improvements are missing, including alley
approaches, together with such appurtenances as may be required, as more particularly shown by the plats,
diagrams and plans of the work and locality to be improved now on file in the office of the City Clerk
of the City of Las Vegas.

Section 3. That the streets and parts of streets which the Board proposes so to have improved,
wherever said improvements are missing, are the following:

All of South 7th Street from a point 103.33 feet south of the center line of Park Paseo to the
north property line of Franklin Avenue; all of South 8th Street from a point 157 feet south
of the center line of Park Paseo to the north property line of Franklin Avenue; all of Franklin
Avenue from the east tract line of Vega Verde Addition to its intersection with South 7th Street;
all of South 9th Street from a point 108 feet north of the center line of Franklin Avenue to
its intersection with Franklin Avenue.

Section 4.. That the special assessment district which it is proposed to create shall be des-
ignated Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-4, and it shall include all the lots, premises
and property, to the full depth of such, fronting, adjoining and abutting upon said streets and parts of
streets.

Section 5. That the City Clerk shall keep the plats, diagrams and plans of the work and locality
to be improved, together with the estimates of the expense thereof, on file in her office for public in-
spection and examination.

Section 6. That the Board of Commissioners of said City will meet at the City Hall in said City
on Wednesday the 15th day of November, 1950, at the hour of 3:30 o'clock P.M., to hear and consider any
suggestions and objections that may be made by parties in interest to the proposed improvements, or any
matters relating thereto. Objections to said proposed improvements, or any matters, relating thereto,
may be filed in writing in the office of the City Clerk at any time prior to said meeting.

Section 7. That the City Clerk shall give notice of the filing of said estimates, plats, diagrams,
and plans with the City Clerk for examination, of the proposed improvement or work, of the location of the
improvement, of the district to be assessed, and of the time when the Board will meet and consider any sug-
gestions and objections that may be made by parties in interest to the proposed improvements. Said notice
shall be given by publication for at least two weeks in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper
published in said City of Las Vegas, every day each week except Saturday, by fourteen insertions therein,
and at least fifteen days prior to said meeting by posting said notices in at least three public places
in each ward and also by posting said notice in or near said post office of said City and by posting
notices in three public places near the site of said proposed work. Said notice shall be in substantially
the following form:

NOTICE OF DETERMINATION AND INTENTION TO PAVE, CURB AND GUTTER CERTAIN STREETS AND PARTS THEREOF, TO CREATE
STREET IMPROVEMENT ASSESSMENT DISTRICT NO. 100-4, AND TO DEFRAY THE ENTIRE COST BY SPECIAL ASSESSMENTS, AND
OF THE HEARING THEREON. '

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that on October 25, 1950, the Board of Commissioners and Mayor of the
City of Las Vegas, Nevada, adopted and approved an ordinance declaring the Board's determination to
make certain public improvements by grading and paving certain streets and parts of streets therein with an
oil bound gravel pavement, and by constructing curbs and gutters on both sides thereof, wherever said im-
provements are missing, including alley approaches, together with such appurtenances as may be required,
to create a special assessment district designated Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-4
therefor, and to defray the entire cost and expense thereof by special assessments made according to
frontage against the owners and the assessable lots, premises and property specially benefited by such
Improvements and included within said district.

The streets and parts of streets so proposed to be improved are: