For all, but not less than all, of the legally issued bonds, as
described above, we bid you the par value thereof, or 100% of face value,
plus accrued interest to the date of delivery and a premium of Twenty-One ($21.00)
Dollars

With bonds maturing August 1, 1951 through
August 1, 1955, inclusive, to bear interest
at the rate of Four (4%) Percent per annum

and

with bonds maturing August 1, 1956 through
August 1, 1960, inclusive, to bear interest
at the rate of Three and Three Quarters (3/3/4%)

Percent per annum.

Also, in accordance with your Notice of Sale and as evidence of our
good faith, we enclose herewith our Certified Check in the amount of Eleven
Hundred ($1,100,00) Dollars payable to the City of Las Vegas, which is to be
held by you uncashed, and is to be returned to us in the event you are
unable to award the bonds to us or deliver the bonds to us in accordance with
the terms of our bid. If we are not awarded the bonds we ask that it be returned
to us as soon as convenient.

This bid is made subject to the conditions that you will furnish us,
without charge, a certified copy of the proceedings for the above mentioned
issue, and that upon the basis of which we will be able to secure, at our
expense, the unqualified opinion of Messrs, Pershing, Bosworth, Dick& Dawson,
Attorneys of Denver, Colorado, approving the legality of such proceedings
in every particular,

Very truly yours,

HANNAFORD & TALBOT, San Francisco

Boettcher & Co,, Denver, Colorado

Juran & Moody, St. Paul, Minnesota

By s/ Belden S. Gardner
Hannaford & Talbot

August 10, 1950

Gentlemen:

According to your Notice of Sale, which is incorporated herein by reference
there will be sealed, proposals received up to the hour of 3:00 P.M., Thursday,

August 10, 1950, for the sale of Twenty-Nine Thousand Three Hundred and Ninety-
   Eight Dollars and Twenty-Four Cents ($29,398,24) Las Vegas Boulder Dam Homesites
Addition Sanitary Sewer Improvements Bonds, Series of August 1, 1950, dated
August 1, 1950 and in the denomination of One Thousand ($1,000,00) Dollars and
one bond in the denomination of Three Hundred and Ninety-Eight Dollars and
Twenty-Four Cents ($398.24).

For all, but not less than all, of the legally issued bonds, as described
above, we Bid you the par value thereof, or 100% of face value, plus accrued
interest to the date of delivery and a premium of Thirty-Five ($35.00) Dollars

With bonds maturing August 1, 1951 through
August 1, 1955, inclusive, to bear interest
at the rate of Four (4%) Percent per annum

and

with bonds maturing August 1, 1956 through
August 1, 1960, inclusive, to bear interest
at the rate of Three and Three-Quarters (3 3/4%)

Percent per annum.

Also, in accordance with your Notice of Sale and as evidence of our good
faith, we enclose herewith our Certified Check in the amount of Fifteen Hundred
($1,500,00) Dollars, payable to the City of Las Vegas, which is to be held by you

and is to be returned to us in the event you are unable to award the bonds
to us or deliver the bonds to us in accordance with the terms of our bid. If we are
not awarded the bonds we ask that it be returned to us as soon as convenient.

This bid is made subject to the conditions that you will furnish us, without
charge, a certified copy of the proceedings for the above mentioned issue, and that
upon the basis of which we will be able to secure, at our expense, the unqualified
opinion of Messrs. Pershing, Bosworth, Dick & Dawson, Attomeys of Denver, Colorado
approving the legality of such proceedings in every particular.

Very truly yours,

HANNAFORD & TALBOT, San Francisco

Boettcher & Co., Denver, Colorado

Juran & Moody, St. Paul, Minnesota

by s/ Belden S. Gardner

for Hannaford & Talbot