OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS
VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MAY 20, 1924.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 20th day of May A. D. 1924, at the hour of seven-thirty
o'clock p.m. Present His Honor the Mayor, W. C. German, with Commissioners F. E. Matzdorf, A.
Anderson and W . H. Elwell, together with the City Attorney and City Clerk, Commissioner C. R.
Shield being absent.

This being the time set for opening the bids for the Construction of a sidewalk on
the West side of Second street, and it appearing to the Board that Notice for such bids has been
duly published, thereupon the Clerk was directed to open the bids in her hands, whereupon the
following bids:

Las Vegas, Nevada. May 20th, 1924.

To City Commissioners, Las Vegas, Nevada.

Herewith find check for $171.60 to accompany this bid as follows:

For the 8,000 square feet more or less of concrete sidewalk to be
built along west side of Second Street from Garces St. to the Prop-
erty including the frontage before the County Jail, I hereby bid to
do the work as per specifications at the rate of Twenty-one cents per
 square foot, and for the 60 ft of curbing more or less, as per spec-
ifications, at the fate of sixty cents per running foot.

Alex Lallemand.

To the Hon. Board of City Commissioners,
from E. W. Griffith and Son of Las Vegas.

Proposal of Ordinance No. 106 we submitt the price of 21 1/2 cents per square foot.

Enclosed find check for $250.00

Respectfully,

E. W. Griffith & Son,

By Robt. B. Griffith

After due consideration of the above bids, it appearing to the Board that said bids are too high,
it was ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Matzdorf, seconded by Commissioner Anderson, that the
Clerk be and she is hereby directed to readvertise for bids for the construction of said side
walk on Second Street, said bids to be considered at the next regular meeting of this Board to be
held on the 3rd day of June, A.D. 1924, at the hour of seven-thirty o'clock p.m. The vote on said
resolution was as follows: Commissioners Matzdorf, Anderson, and Elwell, and his Honor the Mayor,
W. C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time the Clerk read for the first time proposed Ordinance No. 107 of the City of
Las Vegas, entitled:-

An Ordinance to prevent the Permitting of Minors to visit Houses of Ill-fame or
or Gambling Houses; Regulating other Matters Pertaining Thereto; Providing a
Penalty for the Violation of this Ordinance; and Repealing all Ordinance and Parts 
of Ordinances in Conflict Therewith.

Whereupon said proposed Ordinance was passed to the second reading on motion of Commissioner Mat-
zdorf, seconded by Commissioner Anderson. Voting Commissioners Matzdorf, Anderson, Elwell and His
Honor the Mayor, W. C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

Bills allowed as per claim book on file with the Clerk of this Board.

At this time the Board instructed the City Attorney to draw an Ordinance making the
possession sale, and other distribution of intoxicating liquors a nuisance.

Mr. W. J. Stewart appeared before the Board in connection with the sale to the City of a
right-of-way through his property. After a general discussion it was decided that the Board
should visit the property in question, and , on motion of Commissioner Anderson, Seconded by