Thereupon the Clerk presented the application of James Germain for a gaming license (2
games) at the Thomas Bldg. on First Street, the same having been theretofore approved by Police
and Fire Commissioner Hodgens, whereupon, it was the order of the Board, upon motion of Com-
missioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Blanding, that a gaming license be issued to the
said James Germain as stated above. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, and Blanding and Mayor
Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon, the Clerk presented the application of L. Hargraves for a gaming license ( 2
games) at the Big Four on First Street, the same having been theretofore approved by Police and
Fire Commissioner Hodgens, whereupon, it was the order of the Board, upon motion of Commissioner
Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Arnold, that a gaming license be issued to the said L. Hargraves
as stated above. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold and Blanding and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye.
Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the application of C.E. Jagger for a gaming license
( 2 games) at the Arizona Club, the same having been theretofore approved by Police and Fire
Commissioner Hodgens, whereupon it was the order of the Board, upon motion of Commissioner Hod-
gens, seconded by Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, that a gaming license be issued to the said C.E. Jagger
as stated above. Voting, Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, and Blanding , and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner
Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon , Police and Fire Commissioner Hodgens presented the resignation of A.T.

McCarter as City Marshall and Fire Chief of the City of Las Vegas, whereupon , it was the order

of the Board, upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Arnold, that the

resignation off A.T. McCarter as City Marshall and Fire Chief of the City of Las Vegas, be and the

same is hereby accepted. Voting Com. Hodgens, Arnold and Blanding, and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye.
Noes, none. 

Thereupon, on motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Arnold the
position of City Marshall and Fire Chief of the City of Las Vegas, was declared vacant. Voting
Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold and Blanding and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Blanding A.W. Woody
was appointed City Marshall at a salary of $150.00 per month, said appointment to take effect
upon his filing a good and sufficient bond in the sum of One Thousand ($1,000.00) Dollars, and
upon his taking the oath of office. Voting, Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold and Blanding and Mayor
Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Mayor Pro Tem Dentner ,A.W. Woody
was appointed Fire Chief of the City of Las Vegas, at a salary of Twenty ($20.00) per month.
Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold and Blanding and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner Aye, Noes, none.

Thereupon A.W. Woody presented his bond as City Marshall, in the sum of One Thousand
($1,000.00) Dollars with O.C. Boggs and Will Beckley as sureties thereon, and the same appearing
to the Board to, be a good and sufficient bond, it was the order of the Board, upon motion of
Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Blanding, that said bond of A.W. Woody as City
Marshall of the City of Las Vegas be and the same is hereby approved. Voting, Commissioners
Hodgens, Arnold and Blanding and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon A.W. Woody took the oath of office, as required by law, and entered upon
his duties as City Marshall of the City of Las Vegas.

It was ordered, upon motion of Mayor Pro Tem Dentner ,seconded by Commissioner Blanding
that the Street Commissioner get an estimate of the cost of laying a sidewalk on the east side
of Fourth street from Fremont to Bridger Street. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, and Blanding
and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

A discussion of the number of hoboes and tramps now infesting the city coming on
before the Board, it was ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner
Blanding, that the City Marshall secure the services of Thomas West, or some other competent
man as extra policeman to deal exclusively with this problem, and with instructions to keep all

hoboes moving through the city. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold and Blanding and Mayor Pro