OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS, NEV.

Nov. 1, 1922.

At a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, held on
the 21st day of November, A.D. 1922. Present Hon. W.H. Dentner, Mayor Pro Tem, with Commissioners
Arnold and Hodgens, together with the City Attorney and City Clerk. Com. Gorton absent.

At this time it was ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Arnold, seconded by Commissioner
Hodgens, and unanimously carried that the Board adjourn until Thursday, November 2nd, 1922, at
the hour of three o'clock p.m. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner
Aye. Noes, none.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEV.

	November 2,1922.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
held on the 2nd day of November, A.D. 1922, at the hour of three o'clock p.m. Present Hon. W.H.
Dentner, Mayor Pro Tem, with members Thos. R. Hodgens and W.E. Arnold, together with the City
Attorney and City Clerk. Commissioner R.W. Gorton, absent.

The minutes of the last meeting were read and approved as read, upon motion of Commissioner
Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Arnold, and duly carried on the following vote; Commissioners
Hodgens, Arnold and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye; Noes, none.

Reports of officers read, approved and ordered placed on file.

All bills allowed as per claim book on file with the clerk of this Board, excepting the
following which were laid over for investigation; Gorton and Hood, $9.95, Hurd and French
$8.00, N.J. Goodwin, two claims for $15.25 and $.2.95 respectively.

It was the order of the Board upon motion of Mayor pro tem Dentner, seconded by
Commissioner Arnold and duly carried that the Clerk write a letter to Sewer and Light Commissioner
Gorton requesting his immediate resignation from the position of Sewer and Light Commissioner
in the City of Las Vegas. Voting oh said motion Commissioners Arnold, Hodgens and Mayor Pro
Tem Dentner Aye, Noes, none.

Thereupon it was the order of the Board that the Clerk notify the local newspapers
of the expected vacancy in the City Board and request that notice be driven to the public in-
viting applications from citizens willing to fill said expected vacancy.

At this time it was the order of the Board upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens sec-
onded by Commissioner Arnold and duly carried that the City Attorney be and he is hereby in-
structed to draw up an ordinance requiring an attendance of every member of the Board of City
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas at at least one meeting a month. Voting on said motion
Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner Aye, Noes. None.

It was suggested by Mayor Pro Tem Dentner that the matter of providing for milk in-
spection be looked into by the City Attorney.

At this time the Clerk presented the application of J.E. Morgan for a gaming license
(two tables) at the Hotel Northern, the same having been previously approved by Police and