of Las Vegas, to connect with Route 6 of the State Highway system, said improvement to commence
at the corner of Fifth and Fremont streets and to continue southwest on Fifth street to the
city limits, a distance of approximately two miles, said highway to be gravel surface, in ac-
cordance with the specifications prepared and recommended by the State Highway Commission. After
considerable discussion of the matter, the following Resolution was adopted upon motion of
Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Hammond:

RESOLVED That the Board of. City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
shall enter into an agreement with the Department of Highways of the
State of Nevada, for the improvement of Fifth Street commencing at
the corner of Fremont and Fifth Streets and continuing to the south
west city limits a distance of approximately two miles, said improvement

to be of gravel surface in character and to be done with Federal	

Aid and in accordance with the specifications prepared and recommended
by the State Highway Department of Nevada, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that immediate steps be taken by this Board
for the preparation for issuance and for the issuance and sale of
an additional $6,000 of the Las Vegas Highway Bonds provided for in
Chapter 74 of the Laws of the State of Nevada in the 1923 session of
the State Legislature, such amount being hereby declared to be necessary
to meet any contingencies that may arise in the construction of

the said highway, so far as concerns the portion of the expenses there-	

of to be borne by said City, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED That when the contract for said proposed im-
provement shall have been let and claim presented to the City by the
Department of Highways for the city's share of the cost of said im-
provement, this Board shall immediately make available funds necess-
ary to pay for the city's share of said proposed improvement, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the Commissioner of Streets cooperate
with the Department of Highways of the State of Nevada, taking
such appropriate action and steps as may be necessary to secure a
conveyance of a right of way for such portions of said route as
are not owned by the City of Las Vegas, and that such conveyance
shall be made to the State of Nevada,

the cost to be borne by the City of Las Vegas.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the Department of Highways of the State of
Nevada be notified of the action taken by this Board under this Re-
solution.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Smith, Elwell,

Hammond, Mundy and His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, voting aye. Noes
none.	

On motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Elwell, it was ordered that the

licenses and fines for the month of November be distributed as follows:

Licenses to the General Fund

Fines to the Police and Fire Fund.

and the Clerk was directed to so notify the Treasurer. Voting on said motion; Commissioners
Smith, Hammond, Elwell, and Mundy and Bis Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, Aye. Noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, it was ordered upon
motion duly made and carried that the Board adjourn until Thursday, the 10th day of December
A.D. 1925, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.