annually a sufficient tax on all property, both real and personal within the boundaries of said City
of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, to pay the interest on said bonds as the same accrues according
the the tenor and the maturity thereof, the principal of said bonds at the time provided therein
and hereinabove set forth in this resolution. Such tax shall be levied and collected in the same
manner and at the same time as taxes are assessed and collected in said City of Las Vegas, and the
proceeds thereof shall be kept by the City Treasurer in a special fund.

Section 5. That it be and it is hereby certified, recited and warranted that all conditions
acts and things necessary and essential to the validity of the bonds of said City in this order
mentioned , and required by law to be done, have been duly done and performed and the proceeds to
be derived from the issue of said bonds are immediately necessary for the purpose aforesaid.

Section 6. That the Mayor and Clerk of this Board and the Treasurer of said City ,or
 

any or either of ten are hereby authorized, ordered and directed to furnish the purchaser of said
bonds sufficient transcripts and other documents and proceedings preliminary to the issue and de-
livery of said bonds and the legality and sufficiency thereof and validity of said bonds and the
acts of said officers in the premises are hereby declared ratified, approved and confirmed.

Section 7. That the provisions of this resolution and order and each of the bonds issued
and delivered pursuant hereto, shall be and do constitute, and the same are hereby declared to be a
binding and irrevocable contract between said City and purchaser and holder or holders of said
bonds from time to time.

Section 8: That all resolutions and orders or parts thereof of this Board in conflict
with the provisions hereof, or which might in any manner prevent the issuance or delivery or
impair the validity of said bonds be and the same are hereby repealed, rescinded and annulled and this
resolution and order shall be irrepealable until the indebtedness hereby created both as to principal
and interest, shall by said City have been fully paid, certified and discharged.

Approved this 2nd day of December, A.D. 1924.

From the roll call the voting results were as follows: Commissioners Anderson, Matzdorf, and
Elwell and His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none. 

Thereupon the Clerk presented the claim of the Department of State Highways in the sum
of $32,027.36, as the city's share of the cost of construction of the proposed Federal Aid
Highway through the City of Las Vegas, and it appearing to the Board of City Commissioners that
there is only the sum of $29,082.00 in the Highway Bond fund of said City, it was ordered, upon
motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Matzdorf, and unanimously carried, that
the Clerk of this Board be and she is hereby ordered and directed to draw a warrant for the
sum of $29,000.00 in favor of the Department of State Highways of the State of Nevada, and that
the remaining balance of said claim be paid as soon as funds shall have been received from the
sale of the bonds as above set forth.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, it was ordered
upon motion duly made and carried that the Board adjourn until the next regular meeting to
be held on the 6th day of January, A.D. 1925.