OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. July 9, 1927.

At an adjourned regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, held on the 9th day of July, 1927, at the hour of three o'clock P. M. Pre-
sent: His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse; Commissioners W. B. Mundy, W. C. German, Roy Neagle, to-
gether with the City Attorney and Clerk. Commissioner O. J. Smith being absent.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

This being the time set for the discussion of ways and means of procuring a more satisfac-
tory water supply for the Original Townsite of Las Vegas, a number of citizens residing in said
Original Townsite are present. Upon going into an investigation of the plan for the City of Las
Vegas to build and operate a water works in the Original Townsite, it appeared that the City
Charter is faulty and that it will be impossible to proceed in the matter. Thereafter, the Clerk

was directed to communicate with the Las Vegas Chamber of Commerce and request their co-operation



in this matter, and request that they appoint a committee to work with the City Attorney and Board of City
Commissioners and endeavor to work out some plan whereby the Original Townsite can be provided with
a more adequate water supply.

No further business appearing it was ordered upon motion duly made that this meeting adjourn
until the 14th of July, 1927, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. Las Vegas, Nevada. July 14, 1927.
At an adjourned regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, held on the 14th day of July, 1927, at the hour of three o'clock P. M.

Present: Hon. J. F. Hesse, Mayor; Commissioners W. B. Mundy, W. C. German and Roy Neagle, together

with the City Attorney and Clerk. Commissioner O. J. Smith being absent.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

At this time the City Attorney, F. A. Stevens, Esq., made an oral report on the legal phases
of the question of supplying the Original Townsite of Las Vegas with water, in effect as follows:
After meeting with the Chamber of Commerce it was decided that the first thing to be done was to

determine the proper method of calling a special election to amend subdivision 5 of section 31 of

the Charter of the City of Lad Vegas, there being no present method provided for the calling of 
special elections.

No further business appearing it was ordered upon motion duly made that this meeting adjourn

until