The Clerk presented the application of W. J. Allen, for a license for the operation of
two gaming tables. The fee of One Hundred Fifty Dollars ($150.00) having been paid and such
application having been approved by the Police and Fire Commissioner, upon motion duly made,
seconded and carried, it was ordered that the license be issued.

Thereupon, a proposed ordinance entitled:-

"An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas defining "barber shops" and "barbers", prescribing
the hours of opening and closing of barber shops, and providing a penalty, and re-	

pealing all Ordinances and parts of Ordinances in conflict herewith."

was read for the second time, and upon motion duly made by Commissioner German and seconded

by Commissioner Smith, was duly passed, approved and adopted, and FURTHER ORDERED that said

ordinance be numbered 135 , and that said ordinance be published in Las Vegas "AGE",

a tri-weekly newspaper, published in the County of Clark, for a period of one week.

Vote on said resolution was as follows: Commissioners W. C. German and O. J. Smith, and

Mayor Pro tem Mundy voting aye; Noes, none.

Thereupon, a proposed ordinance entitled:-

"An Ordinance authorizing R. F. CRITTENDEN, and his assigns, to install, lay down and
maintain gas mains, distributing pipes and supply pipes, and all necessary and proper
appliances used in connection therewith or appurtenant thereto, in, through, over,
across, under and along all or any of the streets, alleys or public grounds of the
City of Las Vegas in carrying on the business of furnishing gas to the inhabitants
of said City for heating, lighting, power and other uses and purposes, and establishing
regulations and conditions in connection therewith."

was read for the second time, and upon motion duly made by Commissioner Smith, seconded by

Commissioner German, was duly passed, approved and adopted, and FURTHER ORDERED that said

ordinance be numbered 136 , and that said ordinance be published in Las Vegas Evening

Review, a daily newspaper, published in the County of Clark, for a period of one week 

Vote on said resolution was as follows: Commissioners W. C. German and O. J.

Smith and Mayor Pro tem Mundy voting aye; Noes, none.

At this time Leo A. McNamee, Esq., appeared before the Board in behalf of Southern

Nevada Power Company, and presented a written petition for permit to use the streets and

alleys of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, for the purpose of constructing,

maintaining and operating a system for the generation, transmission and distribution of

electric energy in the City of Las Vegas, and to that end to construct, build, operate and

maintain the necessary poles, lines, etc. in, over, under, along and across the streets,

highways and alleys in said City.

After due consideration, and upon motion by Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner

German, said permit was granted; Vote being as follows: Commissioners Smith and German,

and Mayor Pro tem Mundy voting aye; noes, none.



At this time a proposed ordinance entitled:

"An Ordinance Creating The Office Of City Electrical Inspector And Prescribing His
Duties, Creating and Establishing The Bureau Of Electrical Inspection And Defining
The Duties And Powers Of Said Bureau, Providing For The Issuance Of Permits For
Installing Electrical Construction And Fixing The Fees Therefor; Regulating The
Installation of Electrical Construction, Maintenance And Repairs Of Electrical
Wiring, Apparatus, Or Equipment For Light, Heat Or Power, Within, Upon Or Attached,

To Buildings, Structures, Lots Or Premises Within The City of Las Vegas And Providing
A Penalty For Violation Of This Ordinance."

was read for the first time, and upon motion duly made, seconded and carried, was laid
over for a second reading.

Upon motion of Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Smith, the following
resolution was duly adopted: BE IT RESOLVED that the sum of One Hundred Fifty Dollars
($150.00) be paid to H. Case, Fire Chief, for services rendered during the month of March;
that the sum of One Hundred Fifty Dollars ($150.00) be paid to H. Case, Fire Chief, for
services rendered during the month of April; and that said H. Case be allowed the sum of
One Hundred Seventy-One ($171.00) Dollars for services to be rendered by him to said City
of Las Vegas, in the month of May, 1929. Vote on said resolution was as follows: