plat of which has heretofore been approved by the Board. Vote on said Resolution was as follows:
Commissioners Hammond, Smith and Mundy, and His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, Aye. Noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time it was ordered upon
motion duly made and carried that the Board adjourn until the next regular meeting to be held on
Thursday the 6th day of January, A.D 1927, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK
	COUNTY NEVADA, January 6, 1927.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, held on the 6th day of January A. D. 1927, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.
Present Hon. J. F. Hesse, Mayor, with Commissioners W. B. Mundy, O. J. Smith, C. J. Hammond, and
W. H. Elwell together with the City Attorney, F. A. Stevens, Esq., and the City Clerk.

Minutes of the previous meeting were read, and there being no omission on corrections
were approved as read.

Reports of officers were read, approved and ordered placed on file in the office of the
Clerk of the Board.

All claims allowed as per claim book on file in the office of the Clerk.

this time the gaming license of J. W. Horden, A. T. McCarter were approved, and the
Clerk was directed to issue the license for same.

Thereupon the Board together with the County Board and W. R. Bracken, representing the
Las Vegas Land & Water Co., and R. W. Martin, representing the Las Vegas Chamber of Commerce,
took under discussion the proposition of transferring City and County property to the Las
Vegas Land & Water Co. for the purpose of building the new Hotel.

Thereupon there being no further business to come before the Board at this time it
was ordered upon motion duly made and carried that the Board adjourn until Saturday the
8th day of January, A. D. 1927, at the hour of three o'clock, P. M.

Voting on said motion Commissioners Mundy, Elwell, Smith, Hammond and His Honor the Mayor
J. F. Hesse, Aye. Noes, none.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS
VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA, JANUARY 8,

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, held on the 8th day of January, A. D. 1927, at the hour of three o'clock, P.M.
Present Hon. J. F, Hesse, Mayor, with Commissioners W. B. Mundy, O. J. Smith, and W. H. Elsell,
together with the City Attorney, F. A. Stevens, Esq., and the City Clerk.

At this time the business of transferring property and building the Hotel was considered.

The Petitions circulated for signatures of City and County voters petitioning City commissioners
to reconvey the property in question were presented and City Clerk was directed to certify the
signatures contained therein and present same at the meeting of January 12, 1927.

The gaming license of Serreville & Stocker were approved and the Clerk was directed to
issue the license of same.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time it was ordered