Claims allowed as per claim book on file in the office of the Clerk. The claim of L.H. Rockwell
was reduced to the sum of $3.46 ,the remainder of the claim being held up for investigation
by W.H. Elwell, Water, Sewer and Light Commissioner. The claim of Jack Breithaupt in the sum of
$17.00 was held up for further investigation by Police and Fire Commissioner Hammond.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the following communication:

Las Vegas, Nevada.

Dec. 3, 1925.

To the Board of City Commissioners of
The City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Gentlemen:

Under date of Sept. 15th, 1925, as Chairman of several peti-
tioning property holders, I presented to your Board, a petition for the
repeal of the license tax on Apartment House owners of Las Vegas, To date
we have not learned what disposition you have made of said petition, so
on behalf of said petitioners, I hereby request that you at the December
meeting of said Board, consider said petition for final action, one way
or another.

The only communication we received from the Board inanswer
to our petition was addressed to me as follows: "This is to advise you
that your communication of recent date was read to the Board of City
Commissioners at a regular adjourned meeting held on the 6th day of
November A.D. 1925, and you claim for a refund of license paid on
your apartment house was denied on motion duly made and carried.

Dated Nov. 9th, 1925. (Signed) Florence Doherty, Clerk of said Board.

The Clerk's notice simply states that a recent communication
was read to the Board, but does not state what disposition was made
of the petition. Accordingly the petition is still before the Board for
action and determination, and for this reason, as such chairman, I 
request the Board, to now consider it for final action, one way or
another.

As citizens I believe the petitioners are entitled to have
their petition decided on roll call, on a yes and no vote, instead of
on motion, and on their behalf I request that you decide the matter on
roll call.

Very truly yours,

T.M. Carroll, Chariman for said
Petitioners.

Thereupon the matter of the petition of the various apartment house owners for
the abolishment of the ordinance licensing apartment houses in the City of Las Vegas
coming on for discussion, the same having been presented at the regular meeting of
the Board held in October, 1925, and having then been taken under investigation, after
due consideration, it was ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Hammond, seconded by Com-
missioner Mundy, that said, petition for the abolishment of said ordinance licensing apart-
ment houses in the City of Las Vegas be and the same is hereby denied, and it is further
ordered that said ordinance shall continue infull force and effect as heretofore operated.

The vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Smith, Mundy, Hammond, and His Honor
the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, voting aye. Commissioner Elwell voting no. Motion carried.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the following communication:

Las Vegas, Nevada.

Dec. 3rd, 1925.

To the Board of City Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Gentlemen:

I have received notice from the City Clerk to pay
an apartment house license for the quarter ending Dec. 31st

1925.

In reply thereto I wish to inform the Board that I am
not conducting an apartment house business, and that my
building is not an apartment house. As to the classification
of my building I hereby refer you to the letter of Oct. 13th
1925, addressed to your Board, and which states that my
building is a Compartment building something entirely dif-
ferent from an apartment house.

Accordingly as I am ano an apartment house owner, I
hereby request the Board to erase my name from the city's
1st of so called apartment house owners, and to waive pay-
ment from me of said apartment house license tax, to take
effect immediately, and on any purported claim the city may
have against me under said ordinance.

Very truly yours,

T.M. Carroll

Similar communications from T.M. Carroll as the agent for E.S. Sheppard, Chas. Briner and
Jack Irish were also read, and after due discussion of the matter, it appearing to the Board