OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

February 27th, 1929.

At a regular recessed meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 27th day of February, 1929, at the hour of
seven-thirty o'clock, P. M.

PRESENT: His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Commissioners W. C. German, W. B. Mundy,

F. C. DeVinney, County Assessor,	the City Attorney and Clerk.

ABSENT:	Commissioners O. J. Smith and Roy Neagle.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

Upon motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner German, the following
resolution was duly adopted:-

RESOLVED that it be recommended to the legislature of the State of Nevada, and
particularly to the representatives and Senator of the County of Clark, that the boundaries
of the City of Las Vegas in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, be enlarged by
legislative action, to-wit:

By an amendment of Section 1 of an act of the legislature of the State of Nevada,
entitled: "An act to incorporate the town of Las Vegas, in Clark County, and defining the
boundaries thereof, and to authorize the establishing of a city government therefor, and
other matters relating thereto", so that the boundaries of the City of Las Vegas shall be
coincident with the boundaries of the Las Vegas School District, and a draft of the proposed
amendment be made by the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas and forwarded to the re-
presentatives and assemblymen of the County of Clark, together with a certified copy of
this resolution.

The vote on said resolution was as follows: Commissioner Mundy, Commissioner German
and His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, voting aye; noes, none.

Upon motion by Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner German, it was ordered
that the Clerk of this board write to the Treasurer of the City of Las Vegas authorizing
the transfer of One Thousand ($1,000.00) Dollars from the General Fund to the 5th Street
Special Widening Fund.

Thereafter, no further business appearing, this meeting was recessed until Monday,
March 4th, 1929, at the hour of seven-thirty o'clock, P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

March 4th, 1929.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 4th day of March, 1929, at the hour of
seven-thirty o'clock, P. M.

PRESENT: His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse. Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B. Mundy,
Roy Neagle and W. C. German; City Attorney and Clerk.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

The Board proceeded to take up the Budget and Tax Levy for the year 1929, and, after
full discussion, it was ORDERED upon motion of Commissioner O. J. Smith and seconded by
Commissioner W. B. Mundy, and duly carried that the following Budget be adopted, viz:

Estimated Receipts and Expenditures of the City of Las Vegas
For the Year Ending December 31, 1929, as provided by
Section 9, Chapter 42, Statutes of Nevada, 1923.