OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE
CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

LAS VEGAS NEVADA.

NOV. 6th, 1925.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners, of the City of Las Vegas
Nevada, held on the 6th day of November, 1925 at the hour of two o'clock p.m.	

Present Hon. J. Hesse, Mayor, with Commissioners C. J. Hammond and O. J. Smith and W.H.
Elwell, together with the City Attorney, and City Clerk, Commissioner W. B. Mundy, being absent.
Minutes of the previous meetings were read and approved as read.

Reports of officers were read, approved and ordered placed on file in the office of the
Clerk.	

All bills allowed as per claim book on file in the office of the Clerk. The Claim of the
Arrowhead Trail Garage was ordered returned for itemization. The claim of Union Oil Company was order-
ed returned for requisitions.

The communication and claim of T. M. Carroll requesting a refund on license paid on his
apartment house was denied, upon motion duly made and unanimously carried.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the following communication:

November 2, 1925.

To the Honorable Mayor and
City Commissioners of City of Las Vegas,

Las Vegas, Nevada.

Gentlemen:

Under present conditions due to a small license fee parties
whose principal occupation has not been plumbing are enabled to do plumbing
work which does not prove satisfactory and generally necessitates subsequent
re-placement in a short time and by that time they have left the community.

As you know, an established shop must do good work to build up its business
and of necessity must make a charge sufficient to use the best materials, and,

I believe, should have such protection as would keep out the unsatisfactory
work.

I respectfully request that the license fee governing plumbing
be raised to such an amount as would keep out the plumber who only cares for the
single job and then leaves the community without any regard for the kind of work
done. My suggestion in this regard would be that a plumber with an established
shop pay $150.00 per year license and the non-shop plumber a higher license.

Respectfully,

W. J. Rhoads.

and the Clerk was directed to request Mr. Rhoads to present a petition in which the other establish-
ed plumbers joined in the request.

At this time the Clerk presented the application of E. Nickerson for a gaming license
(2 games) at the Colorado Hotel, the same having been heretofore approved by the Police and Fire
Commissioner, Whereupon it was ordered upon motion of Commissioner Smith, Seconded by Commissioner
Elwell, that the Clerk issue a gaming license for two games to E. Nickerson at the Colorado Hotel.

Vote on said motion was unanimous.

At this time George Sanderson and Mr. Tena Quaid appeared before the Board protesting
against the present rate on Beauty Parlor licenses, whereupon the Board requested petitioners to
ascertain the opinion of the other Beauty Parlor operators.

Thereupon the Clerk read for the first time proposed Ordinance No. 115 entitled: "An

Ordinance to amend Section three (3) of Ordinance No. 103 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled "An
Ordinance to amend section six (6) of Ordinance No. 77 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled "An
Ordinance to prohibit gaming in the City of Las Vegas without first obtaining a license therefor,
regulating the same, fixing the amount of such license, providing a penalty therefor, and repealing