Thereupon, there being no further business to come before the Board at this time, it was
ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Shield, that the
Board adjourn until Tuesday the 9th day of October, A.D 1923, at the hour of seven-thirty o'clock
p.m. Voting Commissioners Anderson and Shield and His Honor the Mayor, Aye, Noes, none.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK,

CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA, OCTOBER 9, 1923.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Clark County, Nevada, held on the 9th day of October, A.D. 1923, at the hour of seven-thirty o'clock
p.m. Present, His Honor the Mayor, W. C. German with Commissioners A.R. Anderson, C.R. Shield and
W.H. Elwell, together with the City Attorney and City Clerk.

Minutes of the previous meetings were read and there appearing to be no comissions or corrections,
same were approved as read.

At this time the city Attorney brought to the attention of the Board the application of S. W.
Craner to be allowed to increase the rates for water service in Backs Addition, and it appearing
to the Board that seme recommendation in the matter should be made by said Board to the Public
Service Commission, it was the order of the Board upon motion of Commissioner Elwell, Seconded by
Commissioner Anderson, that a committee consisting of the whole Board shall make personal in-
vestigation of the situation on Wednesday, Oct. 10, 1923. Voting Commissioners Anderson, Shield
and Elwell and His Honor the Mayor W. C. German, Aye, Noes, None.

At this time the Clerk read the following Communication:-

October 4, 1923.

To the Honorable Board of City Commissioners,

Las Vegas, Nevada.

	

Gentlemen:

We beg to call your attention to the paragraph in City Ordinance No. 81
pertaining to the quarterly tax on banking institutions in the City of Las Vegas.

This places a flat rate of thirty dollars per quarter on banks which we have paid
under protest, for the past year and a half.

It is our understanding that the intent of the ordinance as originally
drafted, was to place all business houses, as nearly as possible, on an equitable
basis. For instance, the rate on hotels is based on a schedule that places a
heavier tax on a large hotel than on a small one. Pool halls and a number of
other businesses are taxed on a similar equitable basis.

We feel that, in view of the fact that we are a new and a small institution,
we have been paying an unfair and an unjust rate and refer you to past published
statements of the banks in Las Vegas as evidence of this fact.

We petition your August body to, either by amendment or new ordinance, adjust
this matter so that oar tax will be equitable with that of other similar institutions
here.

Respectfully,

BANK OF SOUTHERN NEVADA, INC.

By H. D. Buzick,

Cashier.