This Permit shall not he construed to authorize the Permittee
to use, or to aconite any rights in any of the streets, avenues or
alleys of said Original Townsite of Las Vegas inconsistent with the
future legitimate uses of such streets, avenues or alleys by said
City of Las Vegas, nor shall the grant hereby made overate in itself
nor by lapse of time or by the expenditure of moneys by Permittee as
an estoppel against said City of Las Vegas in any respect whatsoever.
Nor shall this Permit be construed as a grant of any right or privi-
lege adverse to the rights of any abutting owner or owners of property
along any of the streets, avenues or alleys where said pipes, mains,
laterals or appliances may be placed or maintained by said Permittee,
nor to establish any rights in the Permittee contrary to or inconsis-
tent with the right of the original dedicators of said streets, ave-
nues and alleys, or their assigns.

Permittee shall not be entitled to assign this Permit or any
rights hereunder without the consent of the Board of City Commission-
ers of said City first had and obtained in writing.

This permit shall become affective upon the acceptance of the
same in writing by the Permittee within forty days from the date of
its passage, but in default of such acceptance the same shall be of
no effect.

Passed by the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas on the _______ day of August, 1927.

Executed in pursuance of the Order of said Board of City Com-
missioners by the Mayor Pro. Tem., City Clerk and Water Works, Sewer-
age and Light Commissioner, thereunto duly authorized, this ______

day of August, 1927. Executed in duplicate.

This matter was discussed with the Board and on motion of Commissioner O. J. Smith,

seconded by Commissioner Roy Neagle, the following resolution was duly adopted:

RESOLVED, that the Permit to Las Vegas Land and Water Company
to use the avenues, alleys, and streets of the Original Townsite
of the City of Las Vegas for the construction and maintenance of a
water system, be and the same is hereby granted in the form pres-
ented in this meeting, and the Mayor Pro. Tem., City Clerk and
Water Works, Sewerage and Light Commissioners, be and they are here-
by authorized to execute the same on behalf of the City of Las Vegas,
and to deliver the same to the Las Vegas Land and Water Company and
that the original one accepted by the Las Vegas Land and Water
Company be filed among the records in the Clerk's office.

The vote upon said Permit was as follows:

Commissioner Neagle:	Aye.	Mayor	Pro. Tem. Mundy:	Aye.

Commissioner Smith:	Aye.

Commissioner German:	Aye.	Noes:	None.

No further business coming before the Board it was ordered upon motion duly made, seconded and

carried that this meeting adjourn until August 19, 1927, at the hour of 7 o'clock P.M.