OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA, AUGUST 5th, 1924.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners for the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 5th day of August, A. D. 1924. Present his Honor the Mayor, W. C. German, with
Commissioners F. E. Matzdorf, A. R. Anderson, W. H. Elwell, C. R. Shield, together with the City
Attorney and, City Clerk. * Minutes of the previous meeting were read, and see page 128- paragraph bracketed with note.
At this time the matter of acquiring the right of way for the extension of Main Street
through the NE 1/4 of Section 27, Township 20 So., Range 61 East, M.D.B.& M. was taken up with the
Board, and after due consideration, it was ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Anderson seconded
by Commissioner Matzdorf, the following resolution was spread upon the minutes:

 Whereas the Las Vegas Land and Water Company has entered into an agreement with
the state of Nevada, Department of Highways, agreeing to convey to the State of Nevada a strip
of land eighty feet wide, same to be an extension of Main Street across the SE 1/4 of Section
27, Township 20 S. Range 61 East, M.D.B.& M., same being a strip forty feet in width on
each side of the center line of Main Street in its present direction, upon condition that the
said Las Vegas Land and Water Company be permitted to close those certain ways, paths and
roads now existing in said above described parcel of land.

Now, therefore, be it resolved that the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, by and through
its Board of Commissioners does hereby consent to the closing of all roads and ways in the
SE 1/4 of Section 27, Township 20 S. Range 61 East, M.D.B.& M., save and except Fifth Street and
the continuation thereof as the same now exists, upon the conveying and opening of the ex-
tension of Main Street to a width of eighty feet as aforesaid.

Voting on said resolution Commissioners Anderson, Matzdorf, Shield, Elwell and his
Honor the Mayor aye, Noes none.

Thereupon the following resolution was presented and adopted upon motion of Commissioner
Shield, seconded by Commissioner Elwell:

Be it resolved that the Department of Highways, State of Nevada, be hereby author-
ized to purchase from Helen J. Stewart, for the sum of $1,400.00, that certain strip of land
to be used as an extension of Main Street, Las Vegas, Nevada, through the NE 1/4 of Section 27,

Township 20 S. Range 61 East, M.D.B.& M., said purchase price to include a release from any and
all damage that does or might arise by reason of the use of said land as a highway or otherwise
or any damage whatsoever; said purchase price to be paid by the City of Las Vegas; and the
designation of said Main Street to be made by the said Department of Highways.

Said resolution was adopted upon the following vote: Commissioners Shield, Anderson,
Matzdorf, Elwell, his Honor the Mayor, W. C. German, aye, Noes none.

At this time the Board took under consideration the application of the Consolidated
Power and Telephone Company for permission to take over the electric light poles in Old Town,
whereupon after due consideration, it was ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded
by Commissioner Matzdorf, that the City Clerk be directed to notify said Consolidated Power and
Telephone Company that their request for permission to take over the poles in Old Town will be
granted, provided said Company agrees to maintain the line and give the City free street-lights
in Old Town for the use of said poles, and that said Company, and the City of Las Vegas will
each bear 50% of the expense of upkeep of said street-lights. Voting Commissioners Matzdorf,
Anderson, Elwell, Shield, his Honor the Mayor, W. C. German aye, noes none.

were approved as amended. Reports of officers were read, approved and ordered placed
on file. All bills allowed as per claim book on file in the office of the Clerk of this Board.*
There being no further business coming before the Board at this time, it was ordered,
upon motion duly made and carried that the Board adjourn until the next regular meeting to be

At this time Mayor German announced the following change in the heads of Departments,
to-wit, W. H. Elwell was changed from Police and Fire Commissioner to Finance Commissioner;

F. E. Matzdorf was changed from Finance Commissioner to Police and Fire Commissioner.

There being no further business coming before the Board at this time, it was ordered,
upon motion duly made and carried that, the Board adjourn until the next regular meeting to be
held on the 5th day of August A. D. 1924, at the hour of 7:30 o'clock P. M.