Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

Upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Arnold, the following Re-
solution was introduced:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, a great necessity exists for the acquisition by the City of Las
Vegas of additional equipment for the Fire Department, to-wit, a fully 
equipped fire truck with centrifugal pump, chemical equipment, and approx-
imately 1000 feet of fire hose, in that the present equipment is wholly
inadequate, and without such new equipment there is a constant menace to
the safety of the lives and property of the inhabitants of this City, and
WHEREAS, the funds available for the conduct of said Fire Department
during the year 1922 are not sufficient for use to any extent toward the
purchase of the above mentioned equipment, And,

WHEREAS, for the purposes aforesaid it will be necessary for said City
to borrow the sum of Three Thousand Dollars for a period of two years by
the issuance of the negotiable note, or notes of said City, bearing interest
at the rate of not to exceed eight per cent per annum, redeemable as by law
provided oat of an emergency tax fund,

NOW THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, that the Board of City Commissioners of said
City of Las Vegas do hereby authorize and empower the Mayor Pro Tem and
City Clerk to borrow for the purposes aforesaid the sum of Three Thousand
Dollars for a period not to exceed two and one half years, and issue as
evidence thereof the negotiable promissory note or notes of said City in
the aggregate of said sum of Three Thousand Dollars, the same to bear
interest at a rate not to exceed six per cent per annum to be redeemable
at the option of this Board at any time when money is available in the
emergency tax fund, to be known as "City of Las Vegas Nevada Emergency Tax",
to be levied by this Board at the first tax levy following the creation of
such indebtedness as by law provided.

Dated this 15th day of March, A.D. 1922.

Action on this Resolution was deferred until the next regular meeting of this Board to be
held on the 5th day of April, A.D. 1922, at the hour of 7:30 o'clock p.m., and the Clerk was directed
to have Notice of said contemplated action published for one issue in the Las Vegas Review ,a
weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

Street Commissioner Arnold was authorized by the Mayor Pro Tem to provide "Slow Down"
signs for the school house district.

At this time the Clerk read the following communication:

	Las Vegas, Nevada.

	March 15,1922.

To the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Gentlemen:

I hereby tender my resignation as Commissioner of the
Fourth Class of the City of Las Vegas, to take effect immediately.

Vert truly yours,

H.N. Anderson.

whereupon it was the motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Arnold that the resig-
nation of Commissioner Anderson be accepted. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, and His Honor the
Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

	The matter of the appointment of a Commissioner of the Fourth Class of the City of

Las Vegas, to fill the unexpired term of H.N. Anderson, resigned, coming on before the Board it was
the motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Arnold that Ray W. Gorton be appointed
to the office of Commissioner of the Fourth Class, said appointment to take effect upon the filing
of a good and sufficient bond in the sum on One Thousand Dollars, and upon taking the oath of office
as required by law. Voting Commissioner Hogdens, Arnold, and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye,
Noes, none.

Upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Arnold it was ordered that
the following Proclamation of the Mayor Pro Tem be published in the Las Vegas Review, a newspaper
published weekly in the City of Las Vegas ,for one week. Voting Commissioners Hogdens, Arnold, and
His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

PROCLAMATION.

WHEREAS, Herbert Hoover, Chairman of the Interstate Colorado River
Commission ,will visit Las Vegas, Nevada, on Saturday the 18th day of March,

1922,to inspect the Boulder Canyon Dam site on the Colorado River and

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas constitutes the nearest and only
gateway and approach to said proposed dam site and power project, and
WHEREAS, the building of said dam will result in making Las
Vegas the metropolis of Nevada, and will be instrumental in establishing
large industries here, including smelters, refineries and manufactories due to
the cheap hydroelectric power that will be created and available at the
switchboard

NOW THEREFORE, in realization of the significance of the visit