above mentioned. Voting Commissioners Arnold, Gorton and Hodgens, Aye. Noes, none, it was the
further order of the Board, upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Gorton,
and duly carried that the Clerk be and she is hereby instructed to draw a warrant for the said sum
of $150.00 in favor of the American Legion, Post No. 8. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, and Gorton
Aye. Noes. none.

 At this time the question of the appointment of a representative of the City to handle the	

interests of the City in the improvement of the City and County Fair Grounds, it was the order of the

Board upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Gorton, and duly carried, that Frank

Brickie be and he is hereby appointed to act as the temporary agent of the City of Las Vegas to conduct

the work of improving the City and County Fair Grounds, said work to be carried on in conjunction

with the agents appointed by the County of Clark and the Southern Nevada Agricultural Board, and that

the sum of One Thousand Dollars be and the same is hereby set aside for said work of improving the

City and County Fair Grounds, and it is the further order of the Board that the City Clerk be, and she is 
	

hereby directed to draw a warrant for the said sum of One Thousand Dollars said warrant to be counter-signed by acting Mayor protem

ed agent Frank Brickie, and the said Frank Brickie is hereby given authority for the expenditure of

said amount for the above mentioned improvements upon condition that he render to this Board regular

monthly accounting of such expenditures during the continuance of the work. Voting upon said resolution

Commissioners Arnold, Gorton and Hodgens ,Aye. Noes, none.

At this time R. Roschl appeared before the Board with the request for permission to erect a
sign over the side walk in front of his Fruit stand. Upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded
by Commissioner Gorton, and duly carried it was the order of the Board that a permit for the erection
 of such a sign be executed by the Street Commissioner and City Clerk, upon terms deemed ad-
visable. Voting Commissioners Arnold, Gorton and Hodgens, Aye. Noes, none.

 The matter of a possible reduction of the city tax rate coming up for discussion, Messrs
Leslie R. Saunders and R. W. Martin of the Chamber of Commerce Committee appeared before the Board .

After a discussion of the matter it was ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Rodgers, seconded by

Commissioner Arnold, and duly carried that the City of Las Vegas tax rate for 1922 be and is hereby 

reduced from $.90 to $.56 and that the City Clerk be and she is hereby directed to

write to the County Board of Equalization requesting them to reduce the rate for the City of

Las Vegas to $.56. Voting Commissioners Arnold, Gorton and Hodgens, Aye. Noes, none.

   At this time the Clerk read for the second time an Ordinance #90 entitled " An ordinance to
amend Subdivision No. 34 of Ordinance No. 81 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled "An Ordinance to Amend
Section seven (7) of Ordinance No. 48 of the City of Las Vegas entitled ' An Ordinance of the City
of Las Vegas, licensing for the purpose of regulation and revenue, every kind of lawful business hereinafter 

specified, transacted or carried on within the corporate limits of the City of Las Vegas, State
of Nevada, fixing the rates of license tax upon the same and providing for the collection of said
license tax, and a punishment for carrying on or conducting any such business without a license,
and repealing Ordinances Nos. 1, 2, 4, 13 and 14 and 35' approved December 3,1913 ,and amended Dec.

13,1915 by Ordinance No. 62 of the City of Las Vegas, and further amended March 5,1919 by Ordinance No.

74 of the City of Las Vegas ,and to amend Section 6, of said Ordinance No. 48 as created by said Ordinance 

No. 74, and repealing all Ordinances or parts of Ordinances in Conflict therewith", Action on said proposed ordinance was deferred.

On motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Gorton, and duly carried it
was the order of the Board that this meeting stand adjourned until Wednesday August 23rd, 1922, at
the hour of seven-thirty o'clock p.m. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Gorton and Arnold, Aye. Noes, none.