in the sum of One Thousand ($1000) Dollars, and upon the approval of said bond by this Board.

This being the time set for opening bids for the construction of a cement sidewalk on
Fourth Street on the east side of Blocks 35 and 36 , and on the west side of Block 29 of Clark's
Las Vegas Townsite, the Clerk thereupon presented the following bids:

Las Vegas, Nevada.

April 4,1923.

To City Commissioners:

I agree to furnish all labor and material
to be used in the construction of the proposed side walk . I
will live up to the city ordinance in all respects while under
contract. I will pat this walk in in first class shape for
16 cts. per sq. foot and I prefer having the city famish the
gravel at the going price per yard, same to be deducted from
contract price.

Yours truly,

H.M. Hansen

P.S. Please find enclosed check for $100.00/

Las Vegas. Nevada.

March 29,1923.

To The Honorable Board of City Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Sirs:

we, the undersigned do hereby submit our bid for construct-
ing sidewalk on the West side of Blocks No. 35 and 36; East side
of Fourth Street, and on the East side of Block 29, west side of
Fourth Street.

We agree to furnish all material and do all work, including
all filling for Seventeen and one half (17 1/2) cents per square
foot.

We farther agree to do all work in good workmanlike order
and fulfill all specifications and agreements.

Sincerely yours,



R.E. Lake, Sr.

whereupon, after due discussion it appearing to the Board that the bid of H.M. Hansen is the
most reasonable bid, it was ordered ,upon motion of Commissioner Blanding, seconded by Comm-
issioner Hodgens that the bid of H.M. Hansen in the sum of 18 cts. per square foot as set forth
above, be and the same is hereby accepted, and the Mayor Pro Tem and City Clerk are hereby
directed to enter into a contract with the said H.M. Hansen for the faithful performance of the
work in accordance with the specifications now on file with the Clerk. Voting Commissioners
Hodgens, Arnold, and Blanding, and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon Dr. C.E. Bulette, City Health Officer, appeared before the Board and made his re-
port regarding health conditions in the City of Las Vegas.

At this time Mrs. R.M. Cornish appeared before the Board in regard to a claim for damages
received by her in a fall caused by an uneven sidewalk, whereupon, after considerable dis-
cussion the matter was referred to the City Attorney.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the application of T. Merrit for a naming license (2 games)
at the building in the rear of the First State Bank, the same having been theretofore approved
by Police and Fire Commissioner Thos. R. Hodgens, whereupon it was the order of the Board, upon
motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Blanding, that the license be granted
as applied for.

Thereupon tie Clerk presented the application of Al. James for a gaming license (2 games)
at the Arizona Club, the same having been theretofore approved by Police and Fire Commissioner