Las Vegas, Nevada.

October 1, 1926.

Hon. Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas,

Clark County, Nevada.

Dear Sirs:

The undersigned, Hawkins Land and Water Com-
pany, a corporation respectfully petitions your Honor-
able Board for a permit to use certain of the Streets
and Alleys of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County,

Nevada, for the purpose of laying water mains to supply
the inhabitants of South Addition to the City of Las
Vegas with Water.

The undersigned has entered into a contract with the
Las Vegas Land and Water Company ,whereby said Company
agrees to furnish the undersigned with water.

The Streets and alleys desired to be used under said
requested permit are as follows, to-wit:

Beginning at the Southerly end of the alley in
Block 8 of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite, thence Souther-
ly across Garces Street at right angle, thence along the
alley in Block 1 of South Addition, thence along the
Easterly side of Main Street, as designated on the
plat of South Addition, to Charleston Boulevard to the
Southerly end of the alley in Block 10, South addi-
tion, thence Northerly along the alley in Blocks
10,9,8,7,6, in said South Addition to Garces Street
crossing Boulder, Coolidge, Hoover and Gass Streets,
respectively, thence across Garces Street to the
Alley in Block 9 of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite.

Also beginning at the Southerly end of the alley
in Block 24 of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite, thence
Southerly across Garces Street at right angle, thence
Southerly along the alleys in Blocks 11,12,13 and 14,
South Addition to Charleston Boulevard, crossing Gass,
Hoover and Coolidge Streets respectively, thence East
along the Northerly side of Charleston Boulevard to
the Southerly end of the alley in Block 18 South
Addition, thence Northerly along the alley in Blocks
18,17,16,15 to Garces Street crossing Coolidge,

Hoover and Gass Streets respectively, thence across
Garces Street to the Southerly end of the alley in
Block 25 of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite.

Also beginning at the Southerly end of the
alley in Block 40 of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite
thence across Garces street at right angles, thence
Southerly along the alley in Blocks 19,20,21 South
Addition to Coolidge St. crossing Gass and Hoover
Streets respectively, thence Easterly along Coolidge
Street to its intersection with Charleston Boulevard
, thence easterly along Charleston Boulevard across
Fifth Street to the Southerly end of the Alley in
Block 27, South Addition; thence Northerly along the
the alley in Blocks 27,26,25,24 and 23, South Addi-
tion to Clark Street crossing Hoover, Gass, Garces and
Boneville Streets respectively.

Also beginning at the northerly end of the
alley in Block 19, South Addition, thence easterly along
the Southerly side of Garces Street to the Northerly
end of the alley Block 33, South Addition (The same
being Block 12, Wardie Addition ) crossing Fifth,

Sixth and Seventh Streets.

Also beginning at the Northerly end of the alley
in Block 30, South addition, thence Northerly across
Garces Street to the Alley in Block 29, South Addi-
tion, thence Northerly along the alley in said Block 29
to Bonneville Street.

Also beginning at the Northerly end of the alley
in Block 30, South addition, thence Southerly along the
alley in Blocks 30 and 31 to Hoover Street crossing
Gass Street; thence Easterly along Hoover Street cros-
sing Seventh Street to Charleston Boulevard; thence
Easterly along the Northerly side of Charleston Boulevard
to the alley in Block 34, South Addition; thence Northerly
along the alley in said Block 34 and along the alley in
Block 33, South addition (Block 12, Wardie Addition ) to
Garces Street crossing Gass street.

Also beginning at the Southerly end of the alley
in Block 31, thence across Hoover Street to Block 32.

That the undersigned intends to lay a six inch
water main from the Southerly end of the alley in
Block 8, Clark's Las Vegas Townsite along the alley
in Block 1 and along the easterly side of Main Street
to Charleston Boulevard; and also a six inch water
main from the northerly end of the alley in Block 19,

South addition along the southerly side of Garces

street to the northerly end of the alley in Block 33
South addition and all of the rest of said water
mains shall be four inches.