of an audit, the matter was laid on the table.

The Board then took under consideration the matter of the disposal of garbage in
the City of Las Vegas, it appearing that the contract for hauling garbage has terminated
and after considerable discussion of the matter authorized the mayor pro tem and city
clerk to enter into a contract for two years at the rate of $125.00 per month for the
hauling of garbage, tin cans and such other things, upon terms most agreeable to the
city.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Hammond, it was ordered
that the regular meeting day be fixed on the first Thursday of each month at the hour
of three o'clock P.M. Voting on said motion: Commissioners Mundy ,Hammond, Smith and El-
well and His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon there being no further business to come before the Board at this
time it was ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Elwell
that the Board adjourn until Thursday, June 11th, 1925 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. June 11th, 1925.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 11th day of June, A.D. 1925, at the hour of three
o'clock P.M. Present Mayor Pro Tem W.B. Mundy, with Commissioners O.J. Smith, and W.H. Elwell,
Mayor J.F. Hesse and Commissioner C.J. Hammond being absent. The City Attorney F.A. Stevens
and the city clerk were also present.

The Board took under consideration the question of the city finances, and discussed
ways and means of obtaining funds with which to carry on city administration until the
collection and distribution of the first installment of 1925 taxes in December, 1925.

On motion of Commissioner Elwell, seconded by Commissioner Smith the following
Resolution was introduced:

RESOLUTION

" WHEREAS, the present Board of City Commissioners of Las Vegas,

Nevada, took office on the first day of June, 1925, and find
that after apportionment of taxes made in June, 1925, there are
no moneys whatsoever in the Street Fund or in the Police and Fire
Fund of said City, and that there is no source from which suf-
ficient funds can be derived to carry on said departments until
the next tax apportionment in December of this year, except
through an emergency loan as herein provided for, and a great
necessity exists for moneys with which to conduct said two impor-
tant departments of the city government and

WHEREAS, for the purposes aforesaid it will be necessary for
said City to borrow the gum of Fifteen Hundred Dollars for a
period of not to exceed two and one-half years by the issuance
of the negotiable note, or notes of said City bearing interest
at the rate of not to exceed eight per cent per annum, redeemable
as by law provided out of an Emergency Tax Fund,

NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Board of City Commis-
sioners of said City do hereby authorize and empower the Mayor
and City Clerk thereof to borrow for the purposes aforesaid the
sum of Fifteen Hundred Dollars, for a period of not to exceed
two and one-half years, and to issue as evidence thereof the
negotiable promissory note or notes of said City in the aggre-
gate of said sum of Fifteen Hundred Dollars, the issue to bear
interest at the rate of not to exceed eight per cent. per annum,
to be redeemable at the option of this Board at any time when
money is available in the Emergency Tax Fund, to be known as