Thereupon the Clerk read for the second time proposed ordinance No. 110 of the City of Las
Vegas, entitled "An Ordinance to amend Sections or Paragraphs 2,3, and 4 of Ordinance No. 107
of the City of Las Vegas, entitled "An Ordinance to prevent the permitting of Minors to Visit Houses
of Ill Fame or Gambling Houses, Regulating other matters pertaining thereto; providing a penalty for
the violation of this Ordinance; and repealing all Ordinance and parts of Ordinances in Conflict
therewith," and by adding thereto a Section or Paragraph to be known as '5a', and same was passed

and adopted upon motion of Commissioner Matzdorf, seconded by Commissioner Anderson, upon the
following vote; Commissioners Matzdorf, Anderson and Mayor Pro Tem Elwell, Aye. Noes, none The
Clerk was directed to have said ordinance published for one week ( one issue ) in the Las Vegas

Review a weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

At this time a deed to a strip of land through the Russell ranch, the same being donated

for use as a city street, was presented to the Board for acceptance. After considerable discussion
as to terms and time in which graveling of said street must be done, it was ordered laid over
for further discussion.

Thereupon the Board took under consideration a Petition from residents of the Original
Townsite for more adequate fire protection, and after discussion of the matter, the Board decided
to make a visit to said Original Townsite and to make arrangements for securing water and install-
ing an alarm system.

Thereupon the Clerk read a communication from the Las Vegas Business men's association
requesting the enforcement of the city ordinance prohibiting the allowing of dogs to run at
large in the City of Las Vegas, and the matter was referred to Police and Fire Commissioner
Matzdorf for action.

It appearing to the Board that this is the time for considering the election to be held for
the purpose of electing a Mayor and four Commissioners for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, it
was the order of the Board, on motion of Commissioner Matzdorf, seconded by Commissioner Ander-
son, that the following Resolution be spread upon the minutes of the Board:

RESOLVED that under the provisions of Section 3 of the Charter of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada, a general election shall be held on the first Tuesday after the first Monday,
every odd numbered year dating from the first Tuesday after the first Monday in May, 1923, and
it appearing therefrom that a General election for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, shall be held
on the first Tuesday after the first Monday in May, 1925, and the matter coming up regularly
to be heard and arrangements made therefor, on motion duly made and carried, the following
resolutions were adopted, to-wit:

RESOLVED that a general election be and the same is hereby ordered to be held at the
Administration Building of the City and County Fair Grounds, for Voting Precinct No. 1, and
at the building known as the Public Library Building situate on Block 20 of Clark's Las
Vegas Townsite, for Voting Precinct No. 2, and the garage of the Clark Forwarding Company situ-
ate in the rear of Lot 26, Block 7, of said Clark's Las Vegas Townsite, on the 5th day of May,

1923,	for the election of a Mayor and four Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas: that the
polls be opened at 8 o'clock a.m. and close at 6 o'clock p.m. on said day; that Mrs. Julia P.

Mundy, Emily R. Ball, Anna L. Knickerbocker, Clara Wadsworth and Walter Reeder, Sr. be and they
are hereby appointed as Inspectors and Clerks of election precinct No. 1; that Emma N. Scuyler,
Delphine Squires, Luetta Gill, Lula MacFadden, and Ella V. Hammond be and they are hereby ap-
pointed as Inspectors and Clerks of election precinct No. 2; that Minnie Davison, Minerva
Hanford, James Price, Anna L. Peiffer and Sarah W. Root for Precinct No. 3 be and they are hereby appointed as
Inspectors and Clerks of election precinct No. 3,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that no candidate for office at said election shall be entitled
to have his name placed upon the official ballot unless such candidate, at least ten days
be fore the date of such election, file in the office of the City Clerk of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada, a certificate of nomination, in writing, containing the name of the person nom-
inated. Such certificate shall be signed and verified by the candidate seeking nomination
and shall show that the nominee therein possesses the qualifications as required by the Charter