OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

April 9th, 1929.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 8th day of April, 1929, at the hour of
seven-thirty o'clock, P. M.

PRESENT: His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B. Mundy,
together with City Attorney and Clerk.

ABSENT: Commissioners W. C. German and Roy Neagle.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

Upon motion duly made, seconded and unanimously carried, it was ordered that plat of
Metropolitan Addition to the City of Las Vegas, situate in SE¼ of SE¼ of Section 2,
Township 21 South, Range 61 East, M. D. B. & M., owned by Alfred Kebde, and approved by
the City Planning Commission, presented to the Board at this time, be approved; that the
Mayor be directed to approve same and the Clerk to attest said plat.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time, upon motion duly made,
seconded and carried, a recess was declared until Monday, April 15th, 1929, at the hour
of seven-thirty o'clock, P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

April 15th, 1929.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 15th day of April, 1929, at the hour of
seven-thirty o'clock, P. M.

PRESENT: W. B. Mundy, Mayor Pro tem; Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. C. German, to-
gether with the City Attorney and Clerk.

ABSENT: His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse and Commissioner Roy Neagle.

Meeting called to order by W. B. Mundy, Mayor Pro tem.

Mayor Pro tem Mundy appointed Commissioner German to act as Police and Fire
Commissioner for the purpose of approving application for gaming licenses.

The Clerk presented the application of A. T. McCarter, Exchange Club, for a license
for the operation of three gaming tables. The fee of Two Hundred Fifty Dollars ($250.00)
having been paid and such application having been approved by the Police and Fire
Commission, upon motion duly made, seconded and carried, it was ordered that the license
be issued.

The Clerk presented the application of Stocker Bros, for a license for the operation
of five gaming tables. The fee of Four Hundred Fifty Dollars ($450.00) having been paid
and such application having been approved by the Police and Fire Commission, upon motion
duly made, seconded and carried, it was ordered that the license be issued.

The Clerk presented the application of A. T. Gilmore & J. W. Horden, for a license
for the operation of two gaming tables. The fee of One Hundred Fifty ($150.00) having been
paid and such application having been approved by the Police and Fire Commission, upon
motion duly made, seconded and carried, it was ordered that the license be issued.

The Clerk presented the application of F. S. LeRoy, for a license for the operation
of two gaming tables. The fee of One Hundred Fifty ($150.00) having been paid and such
application having been approved by the Police and Fire Commission, upon motion duly made,
seconded and carried, it was ordered that the license be issued.