All bills allowed as per claim book on file in the office of the Clerk of this Board. The
following bills were held up because of the lack of requisitions accompanying: The claim of
J.T. Ullom in the sum of $20.25; the claims of the Arrowhead Garage in the sums of $5.70, $7.50,
$61.60, $62.91, $21.46; the claim of the Nevada Oil Co. in the sum of $62.84, the claim of C.A.
French in the sum of $92.00; the claim of Earl and Cox in the sum of $15.00; the claim of D.W.
Perdue in the sum of $4.30; the claim of J. Warren Woodard in the sum of $14.45; the claim of
Ed. Von Tobel in the sum of $33.70; the claim of the Las Vegas Garage in the sum of $2.40.

It was ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Matzdorf, seconded by Commissioner Elwell that
the sum of $26.50 be transferred from the Cemetery Fund to the Street Fund in payment of labor
performed at the Cemetery by the Street Department, and the Clerk was directed so to notify the
City Treasurer. Voting Commissioners Matzdorf, Shield, Anderson and Elwell, and His Honor the
Mayor, W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, it was ordered,
upon motion of Commissioner Shield, seconded by Commissioner Matzdorf, that the Board adjourn
until Tuesday the 11th day of March, A.D. 1924, at the hour of seven-thirty o'clock P.M. Voting
Commissioners Matzdorf, Shield, Elwell and Anderson and His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, aye.
Noes, none.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY
OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK COuNTY, NEVADA.

MARCH 11, 1924.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, held on the 11th day of. March, 1924. Present His Honor the Mayor, W. C.
German, with Commissioners F. E. Matzdorf, A. R. Anderson and W. H. Elwell, to-gether with the City
Attorney A. W. Ham, Esq. and the City Clerk, Commissioner C. R. Shield being absent.

At this time all claims were allowed as per claim book.

At this time a committee from the Las Vegas, Chamber of Commerce appeared before the Board
and a discussion of the routing of the proposed Federal Aid Highway.

At this time the Question of constructing a cement side-walk on the west side of second
street, the following Resolution was adopted upon motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by
Commissioner Matzdorf:

"BE IT RESOLVED that it is the determination of the Board of City Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas to order the construction of a concrete sidewalk along
the West side of Second Street in Clark's Las Vegas Townsite, City of Las Vegas,
as follows, to-wit: Commencing at the intersection of Second Street with Garces
Street and running thence northerly along the West side of Second Street to and
including Lot 25, Block 15, Clark's Las Vegas Townsite, City of Las Vegas, ex-
cepting Lots 26 to 28 incl., Block 10 of said Townsite fronting on said Second
Street, Lots 21 to 27 incl. and the north twenty feet of lot 32 in Block 11,
said Townsite fronting on Second Street, Lots 17 to 28 incl. in Block 13, said
Townsite fronting on Second Street, and lot 12, Block 14, said Townsite fronting
on Second Street; said sidewalk to be constructed in accordance with the pro-
visions of the Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas relating to the construction
of sidewalks, being Ordinance No. 47; the cost of said improvement to be done at
the exclusive cost of the owners of the ground fronting on said proposed area of
improvement and abutting on said proposed improvement, and shall be collected
by special assessment assessed upon the taxable lots and premises abutting upon
said improvement in proportion to their number of feet of frontage. And the Com-
missioner of Streets and Public Places is hereby directed to prepare an estimate
of the cost of said improvements and plats and diagrams of same."

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioner Matzdorf, Anderson and Elwell, and His

Honor the Mayor W. C. German, Aye, Noes, none.

It was the order of the Board upon motion of Commissioner Matzdorf, seconded by Commissioner
Anderson, that this Board does hereby, rescind the Resolutions previously adopted on the fol-
lowing dates to-wit: July 19, 1923, and January 8, 1924, which Resolutions read as follows,
respectively: