OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. May 3, 1928.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County,
Nevada, held on the 3rd day of May, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock P. M. Present: His Honor,
the Mayor, J. F. Hesse; Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B. Mundy, W. C. German and Roy Neagle, togeth-
er with the City Attorney and Clerk.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

Minutes of the previous regular and adjourned meetings read and approved.

All claims allowed as shown in the Claims and Warrants Register on file in the office of the
Clerk.

Reports of City officers for the Month of April, 1928, read and approved and ordered placed
on file in the office of the Clerk

Upon motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner German, it was ordered that the
moneys collected by the City Clerk and Municipal Judge during the month of April, 1928, for lic-
enses and fines, totaling 2616.50, be apportioned as follows, to wit: The sum of $1962.35 to the
Police and Fire Fund and the sum of $654.15 to the General Fund; further ordered that the sum of
$47.50 collected by the Plumbing Inspector for plumbing and sewer permit fees be placed in the
Water, Sewer and Light Fund.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Smith, the following resolution
was adopted:

RESOLVED, that the plat of the Subdivision of Block "J", Park Place Addition to

the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, heretofore submitted to this Board and by this

Board submitted to the City Planning Commission, and having received the approval of said

City Planning Commission, be and the same is hereby approved and the Mayor is hereby auth-
orized and directed to execute on behalf of the City the approval of said map.

The vote on said resolution was unanimously favorable

A proposed ordinance entitled "An Ordinance to amend Section 1 of Ordinance No. 27 of the
City of Las Vegas, entitled " An Ordinance fixing the fire limits of the City of Las Vegas, re-
gulating building construction and the keeping and storage of combustibles and explosives'".,
was read for the second time, and, upon motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner
Smith was adopted and approved and given the number 130. Vote on said ordinance was as follows:
Commissioners Smith, Mundy, German and Neagle, and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing the meeting was adjourned upon motion, duly carried, until
Tuesday, the 8th day of May, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. May 8, 1928.

At an adjourned regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 8th day of May, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.
Present: His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse; Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B. Mundy and W. C.
German, and the City Attorney and Clerk. Absent Commissioner Roy Neagle.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

Upon motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Mundy, it was ordered that the
Mayor and City Attorney of the City of Las Vegas be authorized and directed to go to the City of
Reno, Nevada, and study the legal, engineering and practical problems connected with street pav-
ing in the State of Nevada; further ordered that all traveling expenses incurred by said Mayor
and City Attorney by paid by said City of Las Vegas. The vote was as follows: Commissioners

Smith, Mundy and German and His Honor, the Mayor, Aye. Noes, none.