OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

Las Vegas, Nevada. October 2nd, 1923.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada ,
held on the 2nd day of October, A.D. 1923, at the hour of seven-thirty o'clock P.M. Present
Hon. W.C. German, Mayor, with Commissioner A.R. Anderson and C.R. Shield, together with the City
Clerk and Acting City Attorney, Harley A. Harmon, Esq. Commissioner Elwell absent.

Minutes of the previous meetings were read and approved as read on motion of
Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Shield. Voting Commissioners Anderson and
Shield, and His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

Reports of officers read and approved and ordered placed on file in the office of the
Clerk of this Board.

All claims allowed as per claim book on file with the Clerk of this Board excepting that



the claim of L.H. Rockwell in the sum of $5.60 was ordered returned for more definite designation as to the locality
in which the work was performed; the claim of Leo A. Crowley in the sum of $21.00 was ordered laid
over for farther investigation.

At this time the Clerk presented the Application of J.H. Morgan for a gaming license,

( 5 games) at the Vegas Bar, the same having been heretofore approved by the Police and Fire

Commissioner C.R. Shield, whereupon, it was the order of the Board upon motion of Commissioner

Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Shield that said application be granted and the Clerk be



and she is hereby directed to issue a license as set forth above to the said J.H. Morgan. Voting
Commissioners Anderson and Shield and His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the application of H.W. Ball for a gaming license, (2 games)
at the Big Four , the same having been theretofore approved by Police and Fire Commissioner
Shield, whereupon it was ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Shield, seconded by Commissioner
Anderson, and duly carried, that said application be granted and that the Clerk be and she is
hereby directed to issue a license as set forth above to the said H.W. Ball. Voting Commissioners
Anderson, Shield and His Honor the Mayor, Aye. Noes, none.

do hereby express our sincere sympathy for the severe loss
suffered by the loved ones and friends of the said W.E.

Arnold, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Clerk of this Board be
and she is hereby directed to transmit a certified copy of
this Resolution to the widow of the said W.E. Arnold .

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Anderson and
Elwell and His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, it was ordered, on
motion of Commissioner Shield, seconded by Commissioner Elwell, and duly carried, that the Board
adjourn until the nest regular meeting to be held on Tuesday, the 2nd day of October, A.D. 1923,
at the hour of seven-thirty o'clock P.M. Voting Commissioners Shield and Anderson and His
Honor the Mayor, Aye. noes, none.