OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

December 22nd, 1928.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 22nd day of December, 1928, at the hour of three
o'clock, P. M.

PRESENT: His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B. Mundy.
together with the City Attorney and Clerk and City Engineer, A. P. Slocum.

ABSENT: Commissioners Roy Neagle and W. C. German.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.



Upon motion duly made, seconded and carried it was resolved that the City Treasurer 
be, and he hereby is directed to give notice to all persons owning property within the
limits of the improvement district created for the construction of Oil Bound Gravel Pave-
ment and Hydraulic Cement Concrete Curbs, that the sums named and charged to them as
assessments on such property named and described in Las Vegas City Special Assessment #11
are payable in full at once, and that if such sums are not so paid at once, that it will
be necessary for the city to issue ten year bonds, payable in ten annual installments
at seven per-cent (7%) interest to defray the expense of such construction of pavements
and curbs, in such an amount as has not been paid by the owners of such property named and
described as being in such improvement district, within fifty days after December 5th, 1928.

collected yearly, with annual interest thereon at the rate of seven percent per annum;
provided, however, that a part of or the entire amount of each of said assessments may
be paid within 50 days from the date of recording of said special assessment roll, to-wit,
within 50 days from the 5th day of December, A. D. 1928 without interest thereon, on the
part so paid.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B. Mundy,

W. C. German, Roy Neagle and his Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse voting aye; noes, none.

Thereupon, on motion of Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Smith, the
following resolution was duly adopted:

RESOLVED, that the Engineer, A. P. Slocum, be and he is hereby authorized to have
published in the following publications: Southwest Builder and Contractor of Los Angeles,
Calif; The Los Angeles Daily Journal of Los Angeles, Calif; The Salt Lake Tribune,
the following notice calling for bids on Las Vegas City pavement and curb improvement
authorized by the terms of Ordinance No. 131.

"SEALED BIDS OR PROPOSALS for the construction of Cement Curbs and Oil Bound Gravel
Pavement for the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, will be received at the office
of the Engineer for the City until 12 o'clock, noon, Wednesday, January 23, 1929.

The principal items and approximate quantities are as follows:

1496.25 linear feet of 18 inch Cement Curb.

28893.56 linear feet of 16 inch Cement Curb.

808214.24 square feet of Oil Bound Gravel Pavement, with
appurtenant drainage substructures.

Plans, specifications and all information may be obtained from the office of the
Engineer. Specifications furnished gratis. Plans to be had on receipt of postoffice money
order or certified check, payable to A. P. Slocum, to the amount of Nine Dollars.

Bids to be publicly opened at 3:00 P. M., Thursday, January 24, 1929, at City Commission
Board Room, Court House, Las Vegas, Nevada.

Postoffice Box 962.	A. P. Slocum,

Engineer for the City.	

That such notice be published in each of said publications two weeks prior to January
23, 1929.

Thereupon, A. P. Slocum, Engineer for the city, presented to the Board his plans and
specifications for the work to be done in connection with the Oil Bound Gravel Pavement and
Curb Improvements to be constructed under Ordinance No. 131;

Whereupon, upon motion duly made and unanimously carried, said plans and specifications
were approved by the Board, and the said A. P. Slocum was directed to have the same printed
forthwith by the Las Vegas "AGE", and the said A. P. Slocum was further authorized to have
the necessary blue prints to be used in connection with said plans and specifications, pre-
pared.

No further business appearing , it was ordered, upon motion duly made, seconded and
carried, that this meeting be recessed until December 22nd, 1928, at the hour of three
o'clock, P. M.