and read the bids received for said Bonds. There being one bid the Clerk thereupon opened
said bid, same being that of Snow, Goodart & Company, and was accompanied by a certified
check, No. 41704, of First State Bank of Las Vegas, Nevada, Inc, in favor of the City Clerk
of Las Vegas for the sum of §2250.00, and said bid was in words and figures as follows:-
"	SNOW, GOODART & COMPANY

Investment Securities
Walker Bank Building - Salt Lake City
April 22, 1929.

Honorable Mayor and City Council
Las Vegas, Nevada.

Gentlemen:

For $43,778.80 Paving Bonds of the City of Las Vegas, to be dated as outlined in notice
of sale, to mature as outlined below, legally issued to the satisfaction of our Attorneys
and bearing coupons calling for semi-annual interest, both principal and interest payable
at the Office of the City Treasurer of Las Vegas, we are pleased to make you the following
offers:

1.	For bonds bearing 6½% interest, and maturing as outlined in notice of sale we will
pay you par and accrued interest, plus a premium of $100.

2. For bonds bearing 7% interest, and maturing as outlined in notice of sale we will pay
you par and accrued interest, plus a premium of $900.

It is understood and agreed that you will take such steps and pass such resolutions and
execute such papers as our Attorneys may require to the end that said bonds may be legally
issued and delivered to us without undue or unnecessary delay.

This offer is for prompt acceptance only.

Respectfully submitted,

SNOW, GOODART AND COMPANY

By Gordon Snow____________

The above offer No.	is hereby accepted for and on behalf of the City of Las Vegas.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Witness our hands and the seal of said City, this day of April,

A. D. 1929.

Mayor

ATTEST:

City Clerk.

"

A discussion of said bid was thereupon had, and upon motion of Commissioner Mundy,
seconded by Commissioner Smith, the following resolution was duly adopted:

RESOLVED that proposition No. 1 of Snow, Goodart & Company be and the same is hereby
accepted, namely:

1. For bonds bearing 6½% interest, and maturing as outlined in notice of sale we will
pay you par and accrued interest, plus a premium of $100.00

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that a written acceptance be executed by the Mayor and attested
by the Clerk.

The vote on said resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, Smith and His Honor,
the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, voting aye; Noes; None.

Upon motion duly made, seconded and carried the Clerk was authorized and directed to
have the bonds of such issue printed ready for signing and delivery.

At this time also the Clerk was directed to read a telegram received from Secretary
State Board Finance, said telegram reading as follows:-

"	Carson City Nev 1040A APL 22 1929

Wm L Scott

City Clerk Las Vegas Nev

Your telegram to cussell today understand pavement bonds not general county obligation
therefore not legal for our funds

E J Zaborn

Secretary State Board Finance

1106A	"