OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK
COUNTY, NEVADA.	November 12th, 1926.



At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark 
County, Nevada, held on Friday the 12th day of November, A.D. 1926, at the hour of three o'clock P.M. 
Present Hon. J.F. Hesse, Mayor, with Commissioners W.B. Mundy and O.J. Smith, together with the City
Attorney and City Clerk, Commissioners Hammond and Elwell being absent.

The following Resolution was adopted upon motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Com-
missioner Smith:

WHEREAS R.E. Cowan, the duly appointed and qualified City Mar-
shall of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, has re-
moved his domicile from the State of Nevada to the State of
California, therefore

BE IT RESOLVED that the said office of City Marshall of the
City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be and the same is hereby declared
vacant.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and Smith and His Honor
the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, voting aye. Noes. none.

Thereupon the following Resolution was adopted upon motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded
by Commissioner Mundy:

WHEREAS the office of City Marshall of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, has been declared vacant, and

WHEREAS, it is necessary for the best interests of the said City
of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, that said position of City
Marshall be filled at once,

THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, that R.G. McCubrey be and he is hereby appointed
city Marshall of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, at a
salary of $200 per month, said appointment to take effect upon his
executing and filing a bond in the sum of $1000.00 and upon his taking
the oath of office required by law, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the Mayor of said City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, the Hon. J.F. Hesse, be and he is hereby authorized to
approved the bond of the said R.G. McCubrey.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, and Smith and His Honor the
Mayor, J.F. Hesse, voting aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the following communication:

Las Vegas, Nevada.

	0ctober 21,1926.



Honorable Fred Hesse, Mayor,

Las Vegas, Nevada.

Dear Sir:

Referring to our conversation in reference to re-
placement of city fire hydrants, I beg to herewith and you
figures as given us by the Pacific Pipe and Tank Co. covering
the entire cost of same, which includes all 150 ft. runs, 6"
pipe from Water mains to hydrants. The cost of this pipe is
80 per foot, as you will note, quoted by the Pacific Pipe
and Tank people:

Fire Hydrant Connections 

30 pcs. 6" x 20 ' M.B. Rwd. Pipe, 600'	.80	$480.00

13 -	6" W tees	8.00	104.00

1-	6" - 90% ell	6.50

860' - 6" M.B. Rwd. pipe	.80	688.00

Installation of 30 hydrants, etc.	20.00	600.00

Installation of 860'- 6" pipe	.30	 	$258.00

$2136.50

We are well along with our work and are handling this matter as suggested
by you. will you, therefore, kindly sand me letter of authority for the
expenditure, which will be billed to you after the work is completed.

Yours truly,

Walter R. Bracken

Vice President & Agent.

Whereupon it was ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner
Smith that the performance of the above mentioned work at the expenditure hereinbefore
set forth be and the same is hereby authorized, and the Clerk is hereby directed so to
notify Walter R. Bracken, Agent of the Las Vegas Land and Water Company. Voting on said
motion Commissioners Mundy, Smith and His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, Aye. Noes. none.

	 Thereupon there being no further business to come before the Board at this time
it is hereby ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Mundy
that the Board adjourn until an adjourned meeting to be held on Wednesday the 24th day