OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

DEC. 17, 1923.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada, held on the 17th day of December, 1923, at the hour of seven-thirty o'clock P. M.

Present His Honor the Mayor, W. C. German, with members A. R. Anderson, C. R. Shield and W.

H. Elwell, together with the City Attorney and City Clerk.

At this time the Board took under consideration the appointment of a Board of Park Trustees
in accordance with the Ordinance recently passed.

Upon recommendation of the Board of County Commissioners of Clark County, Nevada, it was
ordered, upon motion of commissioner Anderson, seconded by commissioner Elwell, the following
were appointed members of the Board of Park Trustees to represent the county of C ark, to-wit:

Dr. Wm. S. Park for the term of one year, Dr. Roy W. Martin, for the term of two years; Mr. Ed.
w. Clark for the term of three years; said appointments to become effective upon taking the oath
of office required by law. Voting Commissioners Anderson, Shield and Elwell and his Honor the
mayor W. C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon, it was ordered, upon motion of commissioner Shield, seconded by commissioner
Elwell, that the Board at this time appoint two members of the Board of Park Trustees to represent
the City of Las Vegas, leaving a vacancy to be filed at a later date. Voting Commissioner And-
erson, Shield and Elwell and His Honor the Mayor W. C. German Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the following names were placed in nomination by commissioner Anderson, as
members of the Board of Park Trustees, to-wit: W. R. Bracken, for the three year term; E. W.
Griffith, for the two year term.

It was ordered, upon motion of commissioner Elwell, seconded by Commissioner Anderson,
that the nominations be closed. Voting Commissioners Anderson, Shield and Elwell and His Honor
the Mayor, W. C. German, Aye. Noes, None.

Thereupon the name of W. R. Bracken for membership on the Board of Park Trustees for the
term fo three years was placed before the Board. Voting on said name, Commissioner Anderson,
Elwell and Shield and His Honor the Mayor, W. C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the name of E. W. Griffith for membership on the Board of Park Trustees for
the term of two years was placed before the Board. Voting on said name Commissioners Anderson,
Shield and Elwell and His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time it was the order of the Board on motion of commissioner Elwell, seconded
by commissioner Shield that claims he approved at this time allowing City employees of the street
department a half month salary. Voting Commissioner s Anderson, Elwell and Shield and His Honor
the mayor W. C. German Aye. Noes, none.

Bills allowed as per claim book in the office of the Clerk.

On motion of commissioner Anderson, seconded by commissioner Elwell it was ordered that
the sum of $12.30, the balance now remaining in the side walk assessment Fund be transferred to the
street Fund. Voting on said motion Commissioners Anderson, Shield and Elwell and His Honor the
Mayor, W. C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

It was moved by Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Shield that the Mayor
appoint a committee of three women to take charge of a ball to stimulate interest and provide funds
for a volunteer fire department. Voting commissioners Anderson, Shield and Elwell, and his honor
the mayor, W. C. German, aye. Noes, Bone.

Thereupon the mayor appointed the following members of said committee; Mrs. C. E. Bulette,
Mrs, Eddie Hicks, and Mrs. Lou Martin.

At this time the matter of the appointment of a new member of the Board of Commissioners



in place of Wm. E. Arnold deceased, came on for discussion.