OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS.

VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. May 22, 1928.

At an adjourned regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 22nd day of May, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock
P. M. Present: His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse; Commissioner W. B. Mundy and W. C. Ger-
man, together with the City Attorney and Clerk. Absent Commissioner Roy Neagle and O. J.
Smith.

- Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

Upon motion of Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Mundy, the following pre-
ambles and Resolution were duly adopted:

	RESOLUTION:

WHEREAS, by resolution duly adopted by this Board at an adjourned regular meeting there-
of held at the Council Room thereof in the City of Las Vegas, on, the 21st day of April, 1928,
the Mayor and City Clerk were duly authorized to execute on behalf of the City of Las Vegas,
County of Clark, State of Nevada, an agreement with Las Vegas Land & Water Company, in the
form set forth in said resolution, the same to be executed within thirty (30) days from the
20th day of April, 1928, and

WHEREAS, the said agreement was within the time provided in said resolution duly exe-
cuted by the parties thereto, and

WHEREAS, one of the conditions of said agreement was that if the proposed agreement
between Las Vegas Land & Water Company and Frank N. Riley, in the form presented to the
Board of City Commissioners of the said City, and at the time of the adoption of said res-
olution being on file with said City, should be duly executed by the parties thereto and
a signed copy thereof filed with the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas within
thirty (30) days from the date of said agreement between said City of Las Vegas and said
Las Vegas Land & Water Company (the 21st day of April, 1928) then and in that event, the
agreement of February 16, 1927, and amendments thereto of date May 10, 1927, and August 18,
1927, (referred to in said resolution and agreement) should ipso facto become rescinded
and of no further forece and effect, and the provisions of subdivisions (a), (b), (c), and
(d) of said agreement should at once become operative, and

WHEREAS, the said proposed agreement between said Las Vegas Land & Water Company and
said Frank N. Riley has not yet been executed by all of the parties thereto and the form
thereof has been modified to provide not only for the construction of a first class, modern
tourist hotel, containing not less than one hundred fifth (150) rooms and to cost and to
be reasonably worth, including furnishings, not less than $450,000,00, but also provides that
the adjuncts should include a golf course, and that such hotel, together with suitable ad-
juncts, including the golf course, together with the furnishing, land, landscaping, etc.,
shall cost and be reasonably worth not less than $700,000.00, a draft of which said mod-
ified proposed contract has been presented to and filed with the Board on the 22nd day of
May, 1928, and to which reference is hereby had and made, and

WHEREAS, in the opinion of this Board, the proposed modifications of said proposed
contract and the said proposed form of contract as modified is of greater benefit to the
said City of Las Vegas than the original of said proposed contract, and

WHEREAS, it is to the advantage of said City to approve the said modifications and
the form of said proposed contract as modified, and to extend the time for the execution of
said proposed contract and the filing of the same as executed with the Board of Commission-
ers of said City of Las Vegas, NOW THEREFORE BE IT