the City of Las Vegas, and your petitioners will ever pray.

W. E. Hawkins	Lots 1, 2, 3, 4 Block 2

E. C. Hicks	"	30, 31, 32 Block 2

Dan Johdahl	"	7, 8	"	2

Frank E. Hunt	"	27,28, 29	"	2

On motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Mundy, the City Attorney was directed to
draw up an ordinance covering said petition. The vote on this question was as follows: Commissioners
Mundy, Smith and Elwell and His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the application of Morgan, Stocker and Horden for a gaming
license (four games) at No. 21 Fremont Street, the same having been heretofore approved by Police and
Fire Commissioner Hammond. On motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Smith the Clerk
was directed to issue a gaming license for four games to Morgan, Stocker and Horden at No. 21 Fremont
Street. Voting on said motion, Commissioners Mundy, Smith and Elwell and His Honor the Mayor, J.F.
Hesse, aye. Noes, none.

The clerk then presented the application of A. T. McCarter for a gaming license (three
games) at No. 123 So. First Street, the same having been heretofore approved by Police and Fire
Commissioner Hammond. On motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Smith, the Clerk was
directed to issue a gaming license for three games to A.T. McCarter at 123 So. First Street. The
vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, Elwell and Smith and His Honor the Mayor
J.F. Hesse, aye. Noes, none.

Licenses and fines for the month of March were ordered distributed as follows: 50% to the
police and Fire fund: 50% to the General Fund.

Dr. W. W. Martin and W. E. Hawkins appeared as a committee from the Chamber of Commerce 
requesting the Board to give some assistance towards putting in condition the aviation field adjacent
to the City. The matter was discussed at length and continued until a regular adjourned meeting to
be held on the 5th day of April, A.D. 1926, at which it was proposed to discuss the matter with the
Board of County Commissioners of Clark County.

A committee from the Kiwanis Club, of which Chas. Lee Horsey Esq. was spokesman requested
the Board to ask for the resignation of R.E. Cowan as City Marshall.

After listening to Mr. Horsey's statement and to the statements of other members of the
committee the Board took the matter under consideration.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time it was ordered on
motion of Commissioner Elwell, seconded by Commissioner Smith that the Board adjourn until Monday the
5th day of April A.D. 1926. Voting Commissioners Mundy, Smith and Elwell and His Honor the Mayor,

J.F. Hesse, Aye. Noes, none.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

APRIL 5, 1926.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
Clark County, Nevada, held on the 5th day of April A.D. 1926, at the hour of three o'clock P.M. Pres-
ent His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, with Commissioners W. B. Mundy, And W. H. Elwell together with
the City Attorney F. A. Stevens Esq. and the City Clerk.

At this time the Board of County Commissioners of Clark County, Nevada met with the City Board and
the proposition of the establishment of public aviation filed was considered by both Boards. No
action was taken thereon by this Board the matter being continued until a regular adjourned meeting of
this Board to be held Thursday the 15th day of April at the hour of three o'clock p.m.

The Clerk presented the application of G. Lopez, Eli Nickerson and A. E. Gains for a gaming

	

license (two games) at the Miners Union Club on first street, On motion of Commissioner Elwell,