Vote on said Resolution as follows: Commissioners Mundy, Elwell and Smith, Aye, Noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time it was ordered
upon motion duly made and carried that the Board adjourn until Wednesday, January 19,1927, at
the hour of three o'clock, P. M.

Voting on said motion Commissioner Mundy, Smith, Elwell and His Honor the Mayor J. F.
Hesse, Aye, Noes, none.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY
NEVADA, JANUARY 19, 1927.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada held on the 19th day of January, A. D. 1927, at the hour of
three o'clock, P. M. Present Hon. J. F. Hesse, Mayor, with Commissioners Mundy, Elwell and

Smith, together with the City Attorney and Clerk.

At this time J. T. McWilliams appeared before the Board on the question of acquiring
land to produce water supply for Old Town. The matter was continued until the next meeting.

At this time Col. May appeared before the Board on the question of acquiring land to
produce water supply for Old Town. The matter was laid over until the next meeting.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time it was ordered
upon motion duly made and carried that the Board adjourn until Monday, the 24th day of
January, A. D. 1927, at the hour of three o'clock, P. M.

Voting on said motion Commissioner Mundy, Elwell, Smith and his Honor the Mayor J. F. Hesse.
Aye. Noes None.

Office Of The City of Las Vegas , Clark County, Nevada
January 24, 1927

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
Clark County, Nevada held on the 24th day of January, A. D. 1927, at the hour of three o'clock
P. M. Present Hon. J. F. Hesse, Mayor, with Commissioners Mundy, Elwell and Smith, together with
the City Attorney and Clerk.

This being the time set for the joint meeting of the City and County Commissioners to
discuss the matter of the building of the new Hotel.. This matter being continued until
Monday, January 31, 1927, at the hour of three o'clock P. M.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time it was ordered upon
motion duly made and carried that the Board adjourn until Monday, January 31,1927, at the hour
of three o'clock, P. M.

Voting on said motion Commissioner, Mundy, Elwell, Smith and his Honor the Mayor J. F. Hesse.
Aye. Noes None.