deposit for 7000 ft. more or less.

Respectfully submitted,

ALEX LALLEMAND
JOHN J. SALVAT

	Thereupon, it appearing to the Board that this is the only bid submitted, and it further

appearing that this bid is not satisfactory, it was the order of the Board upon motion of Commission-
er Blanding, seconded by Commissioner Hodgens, that the Clerk be and she is hereby directed to
readvertise for bids to be presented to the Board at their regular meeting to be held on Wednesday,
the 4th day of April, A.D. 1923. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Blanding, and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye.
Noes, none.

Thereupon, it was the order of the Board, upon motion of Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, seconded by
Commissioner Hodgens, as follows:

That the Board dive the Commissioner of Sewerage, Water and Light authority to complete a deal
with the Consolidated Power and Telephone Company with regard to such Company standing part of the
expense of an electric line to and in Old Town , and granting such company the use of the equipment
that would be pat in for the life of their present franchise.

Voting as follows : Commissioners Blanding and Hodgens and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes,

none.

Thereupon there being no further business to come before the Board at this time, it was the
order of the Board upon motion duly made and carried, that the Board stand adjourned until Wed-
nesday the 4th day of April, A.D 1923, at the hour of two o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

Las Vegas, Nevada. April 4,1923.

At a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
held on the 4th day of April, 1923, at the hoar of two o'clock p.m. Present Hon. W.H. Dentner,
Mayor Pro Tem, with Commissioners Thos. R. Hodgens, W.E. Arnold, and Harry Blanding, together with
the City Attorney and City Clerk.



Minuted of the previous meeting were read and approved as read, upon motion of Commis-
sioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Arnold. Carried on the following vote, Commissioners
Hodgens, Arnold and Blanding, and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

Reports of officers read, approved and ordered placed on file in the office of the
Clerk of this Board.

All bills allowed as per claim bock on file with the Clerk of the Board.

At this time the Board proceeded to a further consideration of the letting of a con-
tract for the collection of garbage in accordance with the provisions of Ordinance No. 80 and
as per Notice for Bids published . It appearing to the Board that the bid of R.J. Oppedyk ( as set
forth in the Minutes of the previous meeting ) is the only bid presented, and it farther appear-
ing to the Board that said bid of R.J. Oppedyk is a reasonable bid, it was the order of the
Board, upon motion of Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, seconded by Commissioner Hodgens, that the contract
for the Collection of garbage in the City of Las Vegas, under the provisions of Ordinance No. 80
be let to R.J. Oppedyk for the sum of Ninety ($90) Dollars per month, beginning April 15, 1923,
for the period of two years, same to take effect upon his filing a good and sufficient bond