It was ordered at this time, upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens ,seconded by Commissioner
Gorton, and duly carried, that the sum of One Thousand ($1000.00) Dollars be set aside in the Police an
Fire Fund for applying towards the purchase of the fire truck, hose and equipment. Voting Commissioners
Hodgens ,Gorton, Arnold, and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

Upon motion of Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, seconded by Commissioner Hodgens, and duly carried
it was the order of the Board that Commissioner Gorton be and he is hereby authorised to make the
needed alterations on the sprinkling truck. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, Gorton, and His Honor
the Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time E.W. Griffith appeared before the Board, and asked for permission to extend the
second story balcony on his building at Second and Fremont Streets, along the side of that portion of
the building occupied by the Post Office. The matter was laid over until the next meeting of the Board
for farther consideration.

L.R. Hilkie appeared before the Board regarding the poor sanitary conditions existing
in portions of the City, and commenting upon the extreme cleanlines maintained at the Las Vegas
Hospital He was authorized to continue his inspection of the toilets of the City for the purpose of
checking the waste of water, and it was ordered that the Health Officer investigate the bad
conditions reported, and take some step to remedy them, and that he report on same at the next regular
meeting of the Board of Commissioners to be held on the 7th day of June.

It was ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by the Mayor Pro Tem Dentner
and duly carried that the City Attorney be and he is hereby directed to draw up a new ordinance re-
gulating sanitary conditions in the City of Las Vegas. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, Gorton, and
His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

It was thereupon ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Mayor Pro
Tem Dentner ,and duly carried that the City Attorney be, and he is here by, directed to draw up a new
ordinance changing the fire district of the City of Las Vegas, and restricting the building therein,
it being the further order of the Board that said fire district be made to include Clark's Las Vegas
Townsite, and all subdivisions in the City of Las Vegas.

It was thereupon ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Mayor Pro
Tem Dentner, and duly carried that the City Attorney be, and he is hereby, directed to draw up an amend-
ment to Ordinance No. 81 .Section 34,making it necessary for any person taking for or more roomers
to pay a license therefor. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, Gorton, and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem
Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

It was the order of the Board ,upon motion of Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, seconded by
Commissioner Hodgens, and duly carried, that the Assemblymen elected to the 1923 legislature be 
instructed to pass an law providing that the salary of the Mayor and each City Commissioner
shall be Twenty-five Dollars per month, and that the salary of the City Attorney and City Clerk shall
be Seventy-five Dollars per month each. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold and Gorton, and His
Honor the Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon, there being no further business to come before, the Board at this time,
it was ordered that the Board stand adjourned until Wednesday, June 7th, at the hour of four o'clock
p.m.