all of which had been theretofore approved by Police and Fire Commissioner Hammond. Upon motion
of Commissioner Hammond, seconded by Commissioner Elwell it was ordered that gaming licenses
issue to the following: G. Lopez, Miners Club, two games; A.T. McCarter, Exchange Pool Hall, three
games; Morgan, Stocker and Horden, four games, Vegas Bar; Lilly and James, Criterion, two games; The
vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Hammond, Smith, Elwell and Mayor Pro Tem Mundy
voting aye. Noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time it was ordered
on motion of Commissioner Elwell, seconded by Commissioner Smith, that the Board adjourn until
next regular meeting to be held February 4th, 1926 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS
VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

February 4th, 1926.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County
Nevada, held on the fourth day of February, A.D. 1926, at the hour of three o'clock P.M. Present
Hon. J.F. Hesse, Mayor, with Commissioners W.B. Mundy, O.J. Smith and W.H. Elwell, together with the
City Attorney, F.A. Stevens, Esq., and the City Clerk, Commissioner C.J. Hammond being absent.

Minutes of the last regular meeting were read, and there being no omissions or corrections
were approved as read.

Reports of officers were read, approved and ordered placed on filed in the office of the
Clerk of the Board.

All claims allowed as per claim book on file in the office of the clerk. The claim of R.E.
Cowan in the sum of $160.00 for services in December, 1925, was rejected for the reason that Mr.
Cowan had offered to pay for the services of special police during the leave of absence granted
him. The claim of the Mesquite Grocery in the sum of $17.15 was ordered returned for itemization.

At this time Dr. W.S. Park appeared before the Board and presented a plat of the proposed
Park Place subdivision, an addition to the City of Las Vegas, and upon motion of Commissioner
Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Smith, it was ordered that said proposed subdivision be and the
same is hereby approved, and it was further ordered that said approval be inscribed on said map
by the Mayor Pro Tem, and attest by the City Clerk. Voting on said motion Commissioners Mundy,
Smith, Elwell, and His Honor the Mayor J.F. Hesse, Aye. Noes. none.

At this time the Clerk brought up for consideration the request of beauty parlor opera-
tors for a reduction of occupation license, the same having been presented at the last meeting
of the Board and taken under investigation. It was ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Mundy,
seconded by Mayor Hesse, that the petition for reduction be denied at this time. Voting on said
motion Commissioners Mundy, Smith, and Elwell, and His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, Aye. Noes,
none.

The matter of the budget for the year 1926 was taken under consideration, and it was decided
to meet on the 11th day of February for further discussion of the matter.