Commissioners Matzdorf, Shield, Elwell and His Honor the Mayor, W C German, Aye. Noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, it was
ordered that the Board adjourn until the 5th day of August, A.D. 1924 at the hour of seven-thirty o'clock p.m.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS
LAS VEGAS, NEVADA, July 22, 1924.

At a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, held on the 22nd day of July, A.D. 1924. Present his Honor the Mayor W. C. German,
with Commissioners C. R. Shield, W. H. Elwell, F. E. Matzdorf, and A. R. Anderson, together
with the City Attorney and City Clerk.

	At this time the Clerk read the following waiver of notice:

	Las Vegas, Nevada, July 21, 1924.

We, the undersigned, the Mayor and all of the Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, do hereby consent to the holding of a Special Meeting of the Board of
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, to be held at the regular meeting place of said
Board of Commissioners, to-wit, in the Commissioners's Room of the Clark County Court House,

Las Vegas, Nevada, at the hour of 7:30 o'clock P. M. of the 22nd day of July 1924.

This meeting is called for the purpose of determining what action shall be taken
relative to acquiring the right of way for the extension of Main Street through the N. E.
Quarter of Section 27, Township 20 S., R. 61 E., M.D.B. & M. and ordering such steps taken
as may be deemed necessary and for the transaction of any business that may be brought
before said meeting.

And we do hereby waive any and all notice of said meeting.

C. R. SHIELD
W. E. GERMAN
W. H. ELWELL
F. E. MATZDORF
A. R. ANDERSON

At this time the matter of acquiring the right of way for the extension of Main
Street through the NE 1/4 of Section 27, Township 20 South, Range 61 East, M.D.B.& M. was taken
up with the Board, and after due consideration it was ordered, upon motion of Commissioner
Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Matzdorf, that action be deferred until the next regular
meeting, August 5th, 1924.

 This being the time set for hearing protests against sidewalk assessment #9, for
the construction of sidewalk on the West side of Second Street, and it appearing that due
notice of said hearing has been given by publication and posting, as by law provided, and it
further appearing that there are no property owners present to protest said assessment, it
was ordered upon motion of Commissioner Matzdorf seconded by Commissioner Anderson, that said
sidewalk assessment #0 as presented by City Assessor W. E. Hawkins, be, and the same is
hereby approved, and it is further ordered, that the Clerk of this Board be, and she is
hereby directed to certify said assessment roll to the City Treasurer and tax collector.

Voting Commissioners Matzdorf, Anderson, Shield, Elwell and his Honor the Mayor W. C. German
aye, Noes none.

At this time it was ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by
Commissioner Shield, that the City discontinue paying the rent for the City Engineer's office
after August 1st, and the Clerk of this Board was directed so to notify Mr. Baker, Acting
City Engineer. Voting Commissioners Anderson, Shield, Matzdorf, Elwell and his Honor the
Mayor W. C. German aye, Noes none.