finds it necessary to shat the water off for any length of time, that it is the desire of the
Board of City Commissioners that a by-pass be used in order not to interfere with the fire pro-
tection of the City. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem, Aye. Noes,
none.

It was the order of the Board, upon motion of Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, seconded by Commissioner
Arnold that the chemical tanks be removed from the old fire track, placed on wheels and stationed
in Old Town (Original Townsite ), and that Police and Fire Commissioner Hodgens, be and he is hereby
authorized to provide shelter for said chemical tank and to organize a volunteer fire company in
said Original Townsite. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes,
none.

It was the order of the Board upon motion of Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, seconded by Commissioner
Hodgens, that the Street Commissioner be and he is hereby authorized to haul gravel and construct
a driveways in front of the fire house. Voting Commissioners Arnold, Hodgens, and Mayor Pro Tem
Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

It was the order of the Board upon motion duly made by Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, seconded,

Commissioner Hodgens, that the Street Commissioner be and he is hereby authorized to haul

gravel for a sidewalk on Fremont Street between Fifth Street and Eleventh Street; on Seventh

Street between Fremont and Ogden Streets and on Eighth Street between Fremont and Carson Streets.

Voting Commissioners Arnold, Hodgens, and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none. It was farther ordered
that the City Clerk draw a warrant in favor of said agent Frank Brickie, in the said sum of $1,000.00.

It was the order of the Board, upon motion of Mayor pro Tem Dentner, seconded by Commissioner

Hodgens that the City of Las Vegas accept the sum of One thousand Dollars donated by citizens
of the City of Las Vegas for the improvement of the County and City Fair Grounds, and that said
One Thousand Dollars be distributed and paid oat as ordered before, through its official agent
Frank Brickie, said agent to make a regular monthly accounting of his expenditures to this Board.
Voting Commissioners Arnold, Hodgens, and Mayor Pro Tem Centner, Aye. Noes, none .

It was the order of the Board upon motion of Mayor Pro Tem Dentner ,seconded by Commissioner
Hodgens, that the sum of Twenty Dollars be	and the same is hereby appropriated in payment of

expenses incurred by the City of Las Vegas on the 4th day of September, and it was the farther

order of the Board that the clerk be and she is hereby directed to draw a warrant for said sam
of Twenty Dollars in favor of J.E. Piazza.	Voting Commissioners Arnold, Hodgens, and Mayor Pro

Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time it was the order of the Board, upon motion of Mayor Pro Tem Dentner,

seconded By Commissioner Arnold,	that the former order of this Board designating the Las

Vegas Review as the official newspaper of the City of Las Vegas be and the same is hereby
revoked. Voting Commissioner Arnold and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Commissioner Hodgens, No.

It was carried.

At this time the Clerk presented for action proposed Ordinance No. 95 of the City of Las
Vegas which was read for the second time on the 16th day of August, 1922. this time Mayor
Pro Tem Dentner proposed to amend said Ordinance by changing the name of the newspaper in which
publication was ordered from the "Las Vegas Review" to the "Las Vegas Age", section 2. This amend-
ment was seconded by Commissioner Arnold. Voting Commissioner Arnold and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye.
Commissioner Hodgens, No. It was carried.

Thereupon the Clerk read proposed Ordinance No. 95, as amended, and the same was adopted
upon motion of Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, seconded by Commissioner Arnold. Voting Commissioners Arnold,
Hodgens and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon, it was the order of the Board upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded By
Commissioner Arnold, that the meeting times of the Board be changed to the first and third Wed-
nesdays of each month, at the hoar of three o'clock p.m. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold
and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, it was ordered
that the Board adjourn until Wednesday the 20th day of September, 1922, at the hour of three o'clock

p.m. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.