OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA, April 12, 1927.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, held on the 12th day of April, A. D. 1927, at the hour of three o'clock
p. m. Present: His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, with Commissioners W. B. Mundy and C. J. Ham-
mond, together with the City Attorney and Clerk. Absent: Commissioners O. J. Smith and W. H.
Elwell.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Hammond, the following preambles
and resolution were duly adopted:

WHEREAS, a petition for a sidewalk improvement construction on the East side of South Fourth
Street has been filed with this Board, and

WHEREAS, an estimate of the cost, in writing, of said proposed sidewalk improvement, together
with a plat showing the plan of said proposed improvement; have been filed in the office of the
City Clerk.

NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that a notice of said proposed improvement, in accordance
with the Charter, be given by the City Clerk by publication and posting, and that the time for
the hearing of any suggestions and for objections by parties in interest to the proposed improvements
be fixed at the Commissioners' Room in the County Court House at Las Vegas, Nevada, on
Saturday the 30th day of April, 1927, at three o'clock p. m. at which time this board shall
meet and consider such suggestions and /or objections, and act on said proposed improvement.

There being no further business before the meeting the same was adjourned until April 21st,
1927, at 3 o'clock p. m.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. April 21, 1927.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
Clark County, Nevada, held on the 21st day of April, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock p. m.
Present: His Honor the Mayor. J. F. Hesse, with Commissioners W. B. Mundy, C. J. Hammond, O. J.
Smith and W. H. Elwell, together with the City Attorney and Clerk. Absent: Nona.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

Thereupon, the following resolution was presented by Commissioner Hammond:

WHEREAS, the Board of City Commissioners at its meeting on the 5th day of August, 1926, made
its order approving the Plat of South Addition to the City of Las Vegas, and as a part of said
proceedings further ordered that, that portion of the prolongation of Main Street, commencing at
286 feet south of the southwest corner of Main and Garces Streets, to the common corner of Sec-
tions 3 and 4 of Township 21 South, Range 61 East, Mount Diable Base and Meridian, be vacated,
to take effect upon the construction of the street as outlined on said plat, along Main Street
as designated on said Plat, which proceedings are recorded in Vol. 2 of the Minutes, at Page
228; and

WHEREAS, said further order was not and is not for the benefit or best interests of the
public and the City of Las Vegas;

THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that said further order relating to the vacation of said portion
of Main Street be, and the same is hereby rescinded, vacated and annulled;

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that said order relating to the approval of said Plat be, and the
same is hereby ratified and confirmed.

Commissioner Hammond then moved for the adoption of the above resolution, being seconded by
Commissioner Elwell.