OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
COUNTY OF CLARK, STATE OF NEVADA.

May 17,1922.

At a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas Clark
County, Nevada, held on the 17th day of May A.D. 1922, at the hour of seven o'clock p.m. Present
His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem W.H. Dentner, with Commissioners Thomas R. Hodgens, and Ray W. Gorton, to-
gether with the City Attorney and City Clerk, Commissioner W.E. Arnold being absent.

Minutes of the last meeting were read and approved as read.

All claims allowed as per claim book on file with the City Clerk excepting the
following: the claim of the Consolidated Power and Telephone Company for street lights in the
sum of $176.40 was ordered returned because of an overcharge; the claim of R.E. Lake, Sr. for laying
and patching sidewalk, in the sum of $55.44,and the claims presented by C.A. French for street work,
amounting to the sum of $943.44 were ordered laid over because same had not been approved by the
Street Commissioner.

At this time the Clerk read communications from the Public Service Commission to

S.W. Craner, and from S.W. Craner to the Public Service Commission relative to the water service in
Back's Addition. Same were ordered placed on file for future reference.

W.R. Bracken appeared before the Board upon several matters. He informed the Board
that the Las Vegas Land and Water Company had sold the land on which the City Jail had stood for
seventeen years, and that it would be necessary for the Board to have said Jail moved at once, or else
to make arrangements with the new owners of the property for keeping it in its present position.

Thereupon Mr. Bracken took up the discussion of the deed from the Las Vegas Land
and Water Company conveying to the County of Clark and the City of Las Vegas, jointly some thirty
acres of land for the use of said County and City as Fair grounds, camping grounds, etc. He stated
that the Company had refused to strike oat the clause regarding the holding of a County Fair at
least every two years. Whereupon, on motion of Commissioner Gorton, seconded by Commissioner Hodgens
the following Resolution was introduced, and adopted by unanimous vote of the Board:

WHEREAS, by deed bearing date the 17th day of April,

1922, Las Vegas Land and Water Company a corporation, has 
conveyed to the County of Clark and the City of Las Vegas, as tenants 

in common 31.510 acres for use in common as an agricultural
fair grounds, park, aviation field and automobile parking ground
for the accomodation of the traveling public and purposes incident
thereto; said land being situate in said City of Las Vegas, and the
consideration therefor having heretofore been paid by this city;
and

WHEREAS the condition of said conveyance as expressed
therein is that no title to said premises shall pass to the
grantees until the Board of County Commissioners of said County
of Clark and the Board of City Commissioners of said City of Las
Vegas, shall, by resolution duly adopted at a regular meeting or
session thereof, and not later than June 5, 1922,accept said con-
veyance with all of the terms and conditions contained therein,

NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of City Com-
missioners of said City of Las Vegas at this regular meeting of
said Board, held Board 17th day of April, 1922,at Las Vegas, Clark
County, State of Nevada, that said conveyance be and the same is hereby
accepted on behalf of said City of Las Vegas, together with all
the terms and conditions contained therein.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the appreciation of said
City is hereby expressed by this Board to said Las Vegas Land and
Water Company and its officials for their interest shown in the
welfare of this City and for the generous donation made,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a certified copy of this
Resolution be transmitted to said Las Vegas Land and Water Com-
pany and that a copy certified to by the City Clerk, and duly
acknowledged, be attached to said deed, to be recorded with said
deed after its acceptance by the Board of County Commissioners
of Clark County, Nevada.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Hodgens, Gorton and His Hon-
or the Mayor Pro Tem W.H. Dentner, Aye. Noes ,none.

At this time Mr. Bracken asked the cooperation of the Board regarding the checking of
the waste of water. Thereupon, after considerable discussion it was the motion of Commissioner