Together with all water rights appurtenant to said land and acquired pursuant to applicat-
ion for permit to appropriate the public waters of the State of Nevada, serial No. 8173.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that until specific dedication to public uses of said land be
made the same be held as and deemed general property of the City of Las Vegas.

Vote on the foregoing resolution was as follows: Commissioners Smith, Mundy and Ger-
man, and his Honor, the Mayor Hesse, aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon it was by the Board ordered, upon motion duly made, seconded and carried
that the City Attorney be authorized to purchase a set of Law Books known as, McQuillan's
Municipal Corporations,

Upon motion duly made, seconded and carried, it was by the Board ordered that W. C.
German, Water, Sewer and Light Commissioner, of the City of Las Vegas, be, and he hereby is,
authorized to negotiate a new contract for City lights with the Consolidated Power and
Telephone Company of the City of Las Vegas.

No further business appearing it was ordered, upon motion duly made, seconded and car-
ried that this meeting adjourn to the 21st day of April, 1928, to the hour of 3:00 o'clock,

P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. April 21, 1928.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 21st day of April, 1928, at the hour of 3:00 O'clock
P. M. Present: His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse; Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B. Mundy,

W. C. German, together with the City Attorney and Clerk Absent: Commissioner Roy Neagle.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

A draft of proposed agreement between Las Vegas Land and Water Company, a Corporation,
first party, and Frank N. Riley, second party, regarding construction of a Tourist Hotel,
was presented to the Board, and on motion duly made, seconded and carried it was ordered
filed as of this date and endorsement of such filing placed thereon by the City Clerk.

Thereupon on motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Mundy, the follow-
ing Resolution was duly adopted: "WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas did heretofore by deed bear-
ing date the 26th day of March A.D., 1927, re-convey to Las Vegas Land & Water Company all
the right, title and interest of said City of Las Vegas in and to those certain premises,
commonly known as the "Public Park", and more particularly described as:

The following described land, situate in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark,



State of Nevada to-wit: Commencing at a point 80 ft. N. 28˚ 13' E. from the N.E. cor-
ner of Block 33, at its intersection with Stewart and Fifth Streets, as shown on



map of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite, and running thence N. 61˚ 47' W. 1060 ft.; thence

N. 28˚ 15' E. 960 ft.; thence N. 54° 47' E. 447.2ft.; thence S. 61˚ 47' E. 860 ft.;

thence S. 28˚ 15' W. 1360 ft. to the place of beginning, excepting and excluding
therefrom .667 acres in conflict with Buck's Addition, and comprising a net area
of 31.510 acres, exclusive of said conflict,

and which said re-conveyance was made under and pursuant to a Resolution duly adopted by
the Board of City Commissioners of said City of Las Vegas at an adjourned regular meeting
of said Board, held at Las Vegas, Nevada on the 16th day of February, 1927, and

WHEREAS, said reconveyance was authorized to facilitate and make possible the construct-
ion and operation of a tourist hotel under and by virtue of a written agreement bearing date
the 9th day of February, 1927, made between said Las Vegas Land & Water Company, as party of