provided for in cities having the same conditions as Las Vegas.

Upon motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Mundy, the following

Resolution was duly adopted:

Resolution

Whereas, there are funds in the general road fund of the County of Clark which may
be apportioned to the City of Las Vegas for use in connection with work on the streets, alleys

and public highways of said City, and

Whereas great necessity for such funds now exists,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that a request be and the same is hereby made by the
Board of County Commissioners of the County of Clark for the apportionment by said last men-
tioned Board of the proportion to which said City of Las Vegas is entitled under Chapter 159
of the Session Laws of the State of Nevada for the year 1925; such apportionment to be made
as soon as conveniently possible by said Board of County Commissioners.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a certified copy of this Resolution be transmitted by the
City Clerk to said Board of County Commissioners. Voting on said motion Commissioners Mundy, Smith,
Hammond and His Honor the Mayor J. F. Hesse, Aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Smith, it was ordered that
the licences and fines for the month of February, 1926, be distributed as follows:

Police and Fire Department 	$500.00
General Fund	397.50

Total	$897.50

Voting on said motion Commissioners Mundy, Hammond, Smith and His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, Aye.
Noes, none.

At this time the Board took up the discussion of the purchase of a truck for the street
department. On motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Hammond the Board adjourned
until, Friday the 5th day of February, A.D. 1926, at the hour of three o'clock P.M. when it shall
meet again for the purpose of continuing the discussion of the proposed purchase of a truck for
the Street department; for the purpose of meeting with the Board of County Commissioners of
Clark County, Nevada to discuss matters pertaining to the Fair Grounds held by City and County
jointly, and for any other business that may properly come before the Board at that time. Voting
on said motion Commissioners Mundy, Hammond, Smith and His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, Aye.

Noes, none.