questing that the street between blocks 8 and 9 in the Wardie Addition, be closed, thereby
extending High School campus over the entire two blocks. After some consideration, this
matter was laid over and referred to the Street Commissioner and Street Supervisor.

On motion duly made, seconded and carried, the Chief of Police of the City of Las Vegas
was requested to make a canvass of the license situation in the City of Las Vegas.

WHEREAS under the terms and conditions of that certain agreement heretofore dated the
16th day of February, 1927, by and between Las Vegas Land and Water Company, a corporation,
and the County of Clark, State of Nevada, covering lands denominated therein as "Public
Park", and which said agreement was amended by agreements in writing between the same
parties of dates May 10,1927; September 6, 1927 and April 21, 1928, and under the terms and
conditions of that certain agreement bearing date the 16th day of February, 1927, made
between Las Vegas Land and Water Company, a corporation, and the City of Las Vegas, in the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, covering lands denominated therein as "Public Park", and
which said last mentioned agreement was amended by agreements in writing between the same
parties of dates May 10, 1927; August 18, 1927 and April 21, 1928, and under and by virtue
of the resolution adopted by the	Board of City	Commissioners	of the City of Las	Vegas at a

recessed regular meeting	held at	the office of	said Board of	City Commissioners	of the City

of Las Vegas on the 6th day of December, 1928, wherein said agreement of April 21, 1928 is de-
clared forfeited and null and void and a certified copy of which said last mentioned
resolution was on the 22nd day of December, 1928, transmitted by the City Clerk of the City
of Las Vegas to said Las Vegas Land and Water Company, and said City of Las Vegas is en-
titled to a reconveyance to it in trust for public park purposes by said Las Vegas Land and
Water Company of the lands described as "Public Park" in said above mentioned agreements upon
the request of said City of Las Vegas, acting by and through its Board of City Commissioners;
now therefore,

BE IT RESOLVED that	the City of Las Vegas	in the County	of Clark, State of	Nevada, acting

by and through its Board	of City	Commissioners	do hereby request said Las Vegas	Land and

Water Company to reconvey said public park and the whole thereof to said City of Las Vegas in
trust for public park purposes and that F. A. Stevens, as City Attorney of said City of
Las Vegas be, and is hereby authorized on behalf of this Board to take up such matter of
reconveyance with said Las Vegas Land and Water Company and furnish to said Las Vegas Land
and Water Company a copy of this resolution certified by the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas
under the Seal of said city.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time, the meeting was recessed
to Monday, April 22nd, at the hour of three o'clock, P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

April 22nd, 1929.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, held on the 22nd day of April, 1929, at the hour of three o'clock, P. M.

PRESENT: His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B. Mundy;
together with the City Attorney and Clerk.

ABSENT: Commissioners Roy Neagle and W. C. German.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

This being the time set for opening bids for the $43,778.80 Las Vegas Special 1929
Pavement and Curb Street Improvement Bonds, the Clerk was instructed to open the envelopes