Las Vegas, Nevada.

Gentlemen:

My duties with the power and telephone company
have grown to the extent that it is impossible for me to
find the time necessary to properly head an organization
as important as the Las Vegas Volunteer Fire Department.

I therefore ask that you consider this as my resig-
nation as chief of the Fire Department same to be in effect
Tuesday June 15th, 1926.

Very truly yours,

H.	Case, Chief of Fire Department

Thereupon, it was moved by Commissioner Mundy, seconded by commissioner Elwell, that said
resignation of H. Case, as Fire Chief of the City of Las Vegas, be not accepted at this time.
Voting on said resignation; Commissioners Mundy, Hammond, Smith, Elwell and His Honor the Mayor,
J.F. Hesse, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon it was ordered, upon motion duly made and carried that the Board adjourn until
Thursday the 17th day of June, 1926, at the hour of three o'clock P.M. Voting on said motion :
Commissioners Mundy, Hammond, Smith and Biwell and His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, Aye. Noes,
none.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

June 17th, 1926.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, held on the 17th day of June, A.D, 1926, at the hour of three o'clock
P.M, Present Hon. J.F. Hesse, Mayor with Commissioners W.B. Mundy, O.J. Smith and W.H. Elwell,
together with the City Attorney and the City Clerk Commissioner C.J. Hammond being absent.

At this time the Clerk presented a communication from Messrs. Cragin and Pike urging
the passage of proposed ordinance No. 117 of the City of Las Vegas, said proposed ordinance
having been read for the first time at a regular adjourned meeting of said Board held on the
21st day of April, 1926.

Thereupon the Clerk read for the second time proposed Ordinance No. 117 of the City
of Las Vegas, entitled " An Ordinance to amend Section 1 of Ordinance No. 112 of the City
of Las Vegas, entitled ," An Ordinance to license traveling shows, circuses, hippodromes, men-
ageries and carnivals in the City of Las Vegas, and all Ordinances add parts of Ordinances
in conflict therewith.' " On motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Smith,
said Ordinance was passed and adopted, and the Clerk was directed to have the same published
for one week, one issue in the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper published in said City of