Thereupon, no further business appearing it was ordered upon motion duly made, seconded and
carried that this board adjourn until April 8th, 1927, at the hour of three p. m.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. April 8, 1927.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, held on the 8th day of April, A. D. 1927, at the hour of three o'clock
p.m. Present: Hon. J. F. Hesse, Mayor, with Commissioners W. B. Mundy and O. J. Smith, together
with the City Attorney and Clerk. Absent: Commissioners C. J. Hammond and W. H. Elwell.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.



Upon motion of Commissioner W. B. Mundy, seconded by Commissioner O. J. Smith, it was unanimously

RESOLVED, that O. J. Smith, Commissioner of Streets and Public Places be and he is hereby
authorized and empowered to take such steps as may be necessary in conjunction with the County
of Clark to remove the fence from around the agricultural park, including the right to provide
for the sale and disposal, as well as the removal therefrom, of said fence.

Thereupon, it was ordered, upon motion duly made, seconded and carried, that, from the moneys
collected by the the Municipal Judge and the City Clerk during the month of March, there be 
apportioned to the Street Light Fund the sum of Five Hundred ($500.00) Dollars, and to the General
Fund the sum of Four Hundred Thirty Five ($435.00) Dollars; and that the Clerk be directed to
notify the City Treasurer of this order.

No further business appearing this board adjourned to April 11,1927, at the hour of 3 p.m.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. April 11, 1927.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, held on the 11th day of April, 1927, at the hour of three p. m. Present:
His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, with Commissioners W. B. Mundy and O. J. Smith, together with
the City Attorney and Clerk. Absent: Commissioners C. J. Hammond and W. H. Elwell.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

No business appearing at this time the meeting was ordered adjourned to April 12, 1927, at
the hour of three o'clock p. m.