CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. October 24, 1927.

At an adjourned regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, held on the 24th day of October, 1927, at the hour of three o'clock
p. M. Present: His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse; Commissioners W. B. Mundy, O. J. Smith,
W. C. German, and Roy Neagle, together with the City Attorney and Clerk.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

President W.S. Park and W. E. Farron of the City Planning Commission were present
and discussed with the Board various phases of the proposed paving of the City streets.

No further business appearing it was ordered upon motion duly made that this meeting
adjourn until October 26, 1927, at the hour of three o'clock P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS
VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. October 26, 1927.

At an adjourned regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, held on the 26th day of October, 1927, at the hour of three o'clock
p. M. Present: His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse; Commissioners W. B. Mundy, O. J. Smith,

W. C. German, and Roy Neagle, together with the City Attorney and Clerk.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

After full discussion as to the advisability of purchasing a new fire alarm siren, it was
moved by Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner German that a contract be entered into
by the City and Bletzacker for the purchase by the City of a fire alarm system in recordance
with the proposal heretofore submitted to this Board by said Bletzacker and Bletzacker. That
such contract be executed by the Mayor, Police & Fire Commissioner and attested by the City
Clerk, that said contract be such terms and conditions as the Mayor and Police & Fire Com-
missioner shall prescribe and that the purchase price shall not exceed the sum of Six hundred
seventy-three ($673.35) Dollars and thirty-five cents, as mentioned in such proposal.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners, Mundy, German, Neagle, Smith, and His
Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse voting aye. Noes, none.

Thereafter the Board discussed various phases of the proposed paving of the City Streets.

No further business appearing it was ordered upon motion duly made that this meeting
adjourn until Thursday, November 3rd, at the hour of three o'clock P. M.