OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
COUNTY OF CLARK, STATE OF NEVADA.

May 5,1922.

At a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
held on the 3rd day of May, A.D. 1922 at the hour of seven o'clock p.m. Present Commissioners
Thos. R. Hodgens, W.E. Arnold, and Ray W. Gorton, together with the City Attorney and City Clerk.

Mayor Pro Tem W.H. Dentner being absent it was ordered, upon motion duly made and carried that

the meeting stand adjourned until Friday, the 5th day of May, A.D. 1922, at the hour of seven o'clock

p.m.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF
LAS VEGAS COUNTY OF CLARK, STATE OF NEVADA.

May 5,1922.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, held on the 5th day of May, A.D, 1922, at the hoar of seven o'clock p.m. Present
Mayor Pro Tem W.H. Dentner with Commissioners Thos. R. Hodgens, W.E. Arnold, and Ray W. Gorton, together
with the City Attorney and City Clerk.

Minutes of the last meeting read and approved as read.

Reposts of officers read, approved and ordered placed on file with the City Clerk.

All bills allowed as per claim book on file with the Clerk of this Board except as
follows: the claim of Consolidated Power and Telephone Company in the sum of $176.40 for street
lights was ordered returned for more detailed itemization; the claim of R.E. Lake, Jr. for $55./95
for patching sidewalks was ordered returned to be presented in proper form; the claims presented
by C.A. French for street work in the sum of $943.44 were ordered held up because of lack of funds.

It appearing to the Board that there have been some complaints as to the collection of
the City garbage by R.J. Oppedyk, the Clerk was directed to write to Mr. Oppedyk and ask him to appear
before the Board of City Commissioners to explain why garbage is not collected according to contract
and also to show cause why violators of the garbage ordinance should not be reported.

At this time there appeared before the Board J.H. Lester, Colin Grant, and several other
residents of Bucks Addition who complained of the water service in Backs Addition, stating that
the improper piping furnishes insufficient water for the use of the residents of Backs Addition,

and that the pressure is entirely inadequate ,and that the S.W. Craner refused to take measures to
improve the service, etc. Thereupon it was the motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner
Gorton that the following Preambles and Resolution wore adopted:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas was duly constituted as a 
municipal corporation within the County of Clark, State of Nevada,
under and by virtue of the provisions of Chapter 132 of the Ses-
sion Laws of 1911,by and Act approved March 16,1911 and

WHEREAS. S.W. Craner, of said City of Las Vegas is now
and since on or about the 1st day of November, 1921 has been, oper-
ating, a public convenience within said City of Las Vegas, to wit:
the supplying of water through conduits laid and maintained in,

	through, over, across, under and along the streets and alleys of 

portions of Back's Subdivision of said City of Las Vegas under and
by virtue of a permit granted said S.W. Craner by the City of Las
Vegas on the 6th day of October, 1921, and accepted in writing by
said S.W. Craner on the 1st day of November, 1921, granting  
permission to said S.W. Craner to use said streets and alleys for such
purposes, and

WHEREAS, the said S.W. Craner owns, holds and controls
a water supply, being artesian wells situate in said Bucks Subdiv-
ision, sufficient for the needs and uses of the residents of said
Buck's Subdivision, with sufficient pressure at the source of
supply for fire protection at the homes of the users of water if