OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

May 25th, 1922.

At a special called meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
called by Commissioners Arnold and Hodgens. Present His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem W.H. Dentner with
Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, and Gorton, together with the City Attorney and City Clerk.

At this time the Clerk read the call for the meeting which was as follows:

CALL.

TO THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS:

You will please take notice that a special meeting of the
Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas is hereby
called, to be held at the County Commissioners Room in the County
Court House in said City of Las Vegas, on Thursday, the 25th day of
May, A.D. 1922, at the hour of two o'clock P.M. to consider and act
upon the following business:

1.	To act upon the Resolution for a loan of $3000.00 for
fire purposes, heretofore approved by the State Board of Finance.

2.	To enter into a contract with Reo Motor Car Co. of Calif.,
or F.S. & W.W. Hirsch, relative to purchase of fire truck and fire
equipment, and to make such orders and arrangements in connection
therewith as may be necessary.

3.	To enter into a contract with Eureka Fire Hose Co. for the
purchase of firehose, and to make such orders and arrangements in
connection therewith as may be necessary.

4.	To consider and act upon matters relating to the sanitary
conditions of the City and the enforcement of ordinances relating
thereto; and to sit and act as a Board of Health in consideration
of such matters.

5.	To consider and act upon matters in relation to complaint
made to the Public Service Commission of the State of Nevada against

S.W. Craner in the operation of water service in Bucks Addn.

6.	To consider and act upon matters relating to fire pro-
tection and building restrictions.

7.	To consider and act upon licenses and city revenue.

You will please give notice in accordance with this call.

W.E. Arnold
Thos. R. Hodgens.

City Commissioners.

Thereupon the Clerk read the following Notice:

NOTICE	

To Thos. R. Hodgens, William E. Arnold, Ray W. Gorton ,and Mayor Pro Tem
W.H. Dentner.

Yon are hereby notified that pursuant to call this day made
by W.E. Arnold and Thos R. Hodgens, City Commissioners, a special meet-
ing of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
will be held at the County Commissioner's Room in the County Court
House in said City of Las Vegas, on Thursday, the 25th day of May,

A.D. 1922, at the hour of two o'clock P.M. to consider and act upon
the following business:

1.	To act upon the Resolution far a loan of $3000.00 for fire
purposes heretofore approved by the State Board of Finance.

2.	To enter into a contract with Reo Motor Car Co. of Calif,
or F.S. & W.W. Hirsch, relative to purchase of fire truck and fire equip-
ment and to make such orders and arrangements in connection therewith 

as may be necessary.

3.	To enter into a contract with Eureka Fire Hose Co. far the
purchase of firehose and to make such orders and arrangements in con-
nection therewith as may be necessary.

4.	To consider and act upon matters relating to the sanitary
conditions of the City and the enforcement of ordinances relating
thereto; and to sit and act as a Board of Health in consideration of
such matters.

5.	To consider and act upon matters in relation to complaint
made to the Public Service Commission of the State of Nevada against
S.W. Craner in the operation of water service in Bucks Addn.

6.	To consider and act upon matters relating to fire pro-
tection and building restrictions.

7.	To consider and act upon license and city revenue.

Please be present as this is an important meeting.

Florence S. Doherty
City Clark.

Service of the above and foregoing notice is hereby admitted this
25th day of May, 1922.

Thos. R. Hodgens

R.W. Gorton
W.E. Arnold
W.H. Dentner

At this time the Clerk reported that although a wire had been received from the Board
of Finance stating that the Emergency Loan of $3000.00 requested by the City had been authorized,
the Resolution making such authorization had not yet been received, and therefore it was impossible

to proceed further with the contemplated purchase of a fire truck, fire hose, and equipment.