grounds every two years, after which he report back to this Board at their next regular meeting.

At this time Mr. Elbert Howard appeared before the Board and requested that the Board
of City Commissioners examine and approve the plat of "Park View Addition" to the City of Las
Vegas, as made by Mr. Rapp, a surveyor. Thereupon, it was the order of the Board that Commission-
er Hodgens of the Police & Fire Department and Commissioner Arnold, of Streets and Public Property,
be appointed as a committee, together with Mr. Fred Rudolph, to examine and approve the said plat
of Park View Addition to the City of Las Vegas; with the understanding that any charges made by
the expert, Mr. Rudloph for certifying as to its correctness, be paid by the owners. Voting: Com-
missioners Gorton, Arnold and His Honor the Mayor pro tem Dentner, aye. Noes none.

The matter of the removal of the City Jail from its present location to another site, came

on for discussion at this time, for the reason it now stands on Park View Addition, above referred

to. Whereupon, it was the unanimous opinion of the Board that the City Jail continue to occupy

the site it is now located on until it is shown this certain property is sold and after reasonable

notice to vacate, this Board will thereupon make such removal. Until that time there will be no

action taken in regard to same.



Mr. Leslie R. Saunders, Executive Secretary of the Chamber of Commerce, appeared before the
Board at this time and requested that the City Commissioners arrange to send a representative to
the Nevada Day Celebration at Los Angeles on May 3rd and 4th to represent the City of Las Vegas.
Whereupon, it was on motion of Commissioner Arnold, seconded by Commissioner Gorton and duly carried

 that a resolution be passed by this Board, providing that such a delegate or representative be sent



to Los Angeles May 3rd and 4th to attend the Nevada Day Celebration to represent the City of Las Vegas.

Thereupon, the following resolution was had:

WHEREAS, it appeared to the Board that it is to the best
interest of the City of Las Vegas to send a representative
to Los Angeles to attend the Nevada Day Celebration May 3rd
and 4th, and it farther appearing to the Board that the ex-
penses of such representative should be paid by the City of
Las Vegas, therefore be it

RESOLVED, that we, the above Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, do hereby designate W. H. Dentner, Mayor Pro tem
as the representative of said City to attend the Nevada Day
Celebration at Los Angeles May 3rd and 4th, and be it farther

RESOLVED that the sum of Fifty ($50.00) Dollars be and the
same, is hereby allowed said W. H. Dentner to cover the ex-
penses of the trip, and be it further

RESOLVED that the City Clerk be and she is hereby directed to
draw a warrant in the above amount in favor of said W.H. Denter.

The vote on the above resolution being as follows: Commissioners Arnold and Gorton voting aye. Noes

none. Mayor Pro tem Denter not voting.

At this time Hon. W. J. Stewart, Chairman of the Board of County Commissioners and County
Commissioner James Cashman appeared before the Board for the purpose of negotiating a sale of the
street roller, now owned by the County of Clark, to the City of Las Vegas, for the reason the County
no longer has use for the same.	The matter of this purchase was thoroughly discussed by the

members of the Board present and it was the unanimous opinion that the City of Las Vegas was not at
this time financially able to make such a contract for the purchase of this roller

Thereupon, it appearing there was no farther business before the Board, it was upon motion
duly made and carried, that this Board stand adjourned until Friday, May 5th 1922 at the hour of
seven o'clock P.M.