OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. September 12th, 1925.

At a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, held on the 12th day of September, 1925, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.
Present Hon. J.F. Hesse, Mayor, with Commissioners W.B. Mundy, O.J. Smith and W.H. Elwell, to-
ther with the City Attorney and the City Clerk.

The Clerk proceeded to read the Call for Special meeting issued by the Mayor and the
Notice of Special Meeting issued by the Clerk, which were as follows, to-wit:

Call for Special Meeting

Las Vegas, Nevada. September 11,1925.

To Florence S. Doherty, City Clerk,

I hereby call a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, to be held at the meeting room of said Board in the
County Court House in the City of Las Vegas on Saturday, the 12th day of
September, A.D. 1925 at the hour of three o'clock P.M. for the purpose of con-
sidering and acting on tax matters affecting the City of Las Vegas, and
particularly the matter of reduction in assessed valuation of farm lands in
the City of Las Vegas made by the County Board of Equalization at its
August, 1925, meeting, and to consider requesting the State Board of Equal-
ization to raise such assessed valuation so reduced by said County Board
of Equalization, and to make such further and other orders with respect
thereto as may seem meet to said Board of City Commissioners,

You will give notice of this meeting in accordance with this

call.

_____J.F.Hesse	_____

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

Notice of Special Meeting of Board of
City Commissioners.

Las Vegas, Nevada. Sept. 11, 1925.

To J.F. Hesse, Mayor and to W.H. Elwell, O.J. Smith,

W.B. Mundy and C.J. Hammond, Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas:

You and each of you will please take notice, that pur-
suant to a call this day issued by J.F. Hesse, Mayor of the City of
Las Vegas, a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas will be held at the meeting room of said
Board in the County Court House in the City of Las Vegas on Sat-
urday, the 12th day of September, 1925 at the hour of three o'clock P.M,
for the purpose of considering and acting upon tax matters affecting the
City of Las Vegas, and particularly the matter of the reduction in assessed
valuation of farm lands in the City of Las Vegas made by the County
Board of Equalization at its August, 1925 meeting, and to consider request-
ing the State Board of Equalization to raise such assessed valuation so
reduced by said County Board of Equalization and to make such further
and other orders with respect thereto as may seem meet to said Board
of City Commissioners.

Florence S. Doherty_____________

City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas

Due service of the foregoing notice is hereby admitted this 11th
day of September, 1925.

J.F. Hesse, Mayor

O.J. Smith, City Commissioner	W.H. Elwell, City Commissioner

C.J. Hammond, City Commissioner	W.B. Mundy, City Commissioner.

The Board then proceeded to the discussion of the reduction of the assessment
on arable lands in the City Limits made by the County Board of Equalization at its
August meeting and after due consideration it appearing that the said reduction was
unadvisable and would reduce the revenue expected by the City from 1925 taxes, the
following Resolution was adopted upon motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by
Commissioner Elwell, upon the following vote: Commissioners Mundy, Elwell, and Smith
and His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, voting aye. Noes, none.