Thereupon the Clerk presented the application of H.W. Ball for a gaming license (2 games)

at the Big Four, for the quarter ending December 31st ,1924, and it appearing to the Board that

said application has been approved by Police and Fire Commissioner Matzdorf, it was ordered

upon motion of Commissioner Matzdorf, Seconded by Commissioner Shield, that said application be



granted, and that the Clerk be and she hereby is directed to issue a gaming license (2 games ) to H.W.

Ball at the Big Four, for the quarter ending December 31st 1924. Carried unanimously.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the application of A.T. McCarter for a gaming license (2 games)

at the Exchange Pool Hall, for the quarter ending December 31st, 1924, and it appearing to the

Board that said application has been approved by Police and Fire Commissioner Matzdorf, it was

ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Matzdorf, seconded by Commissioner Shield, that said application

be granted, and that the Clerk be and she is hereby directed to issue a gaming license, (2 games)                               

to A.T. McCarter, at the Exchange Pool Hall, for the quarter ending December 31st, 1924. Carried unani-
mously. 				

Thereupon the Clerk presented the application of Cleto Aguirre for a gaming license (2 games)

at the Colorado Hotel, for the quarter ending December 31st, 1924, and it appearing to the Board that

said application has been approved by Police and Fire Commissioner Matzdorf, it was ordered,

upon motion of Commissioner Matzdorf, seconded by Commissioner Shield, that said application be

granted, and that the Clerk be and she is hereby directed to issue a gaming license (2 games)

to Cleto Aguirre, at the Colorado Hotel, for the quarter ending December 31st, 1924. Carried unani-
mously. 			

Thereupon the Clerk presented the application of G. Lopez for a gaming license (2 games)

at the building behind the First State Bank Bldg, for the quarter ending December 31st, 1924, and

it appearing to the Board that said application has been approved by Police and Fire Commissioner

Matzdorf, it was ordered, upon motion duly made and carried, that said application be granted, and

that the Clerk be and she is hereby directed to issue a gaming license, (2 games) to G. Lopez, situated

in the building at the rear of the First State Bank Building, for the quarter ending December 31st, 1924
Carried unanimously.

Thereupon, the Clerk presented the application of Morgan, Stocker and Horden for a gaming

license, (6 games) at the Las Vegas Bar, for the quarter ending December 31st, 1924, and it appearing

to the Board that said application has been approved by the Police and Fire Commissioner F.E. Matzdor

it was ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Matzdorf, seconded by Commissioner Shield, that said



application be granted, and that the Clerk be and she is hereby directed to issue a gaming license
( 6 games) to Morgan, Stocker and Horden, at the Las Vegas Bar, for the quarter ending December 31st,
1924. Voting Commissioners Matzdorf, Shield, and Anderson, and His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German,
voting Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon there being no further business to come before the Board at this time, it was
ordered upon motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Matzdorf, that the Board
adjourn until the next regular meeting to the held on the 4th day of November, A.D. 1924. Voting on said
motion of adjournment Commissioners Anderson, Shield, and Matzdorf, and His Honor the Mayor, W.C. Ger-
man, Aye. Noes, none.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

Las Vegas, Nevada. November 4th, 1924.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County,
Nevada, held on the 4th day of November, A.D. 1924, at the hour of seven thirty o'clock P.M. Present
His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, with Commissioners F.E. Matzdorf, A.R. Anderson, and C.R. Shield
together with the City Attorney, A.W. Ham, and the City Clerk.

Minutes of the last meeting and adjourned meeting were read, and there being no omissions or
corrections were approved as read.