OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. January 12, 1928.

At an adjourned regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 12th day of January, 1928, at the hour of three
o'clock P. M. Present: Hon. J. F. Hesse, Mayor, Commissioners W. C. German, W. B. Mundy,
together with the City Attorney and Clerk. Absent: Commissioners Roy Neagle and O. J. Smith.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

Mr. W. J. Stewart appeared before the Board and requested said Board to authorize
the moving of a certain section of the City sewer system. This matter was laid over for further
consideration.

A letter from the local Chamber of Commerce dated January 10, 1928, inviting the mem-
bers of this Board to join said Chamber of Commerce or to appoint some member to represent this
Board at the meetings of the Board of Directors of said Chamber of Commerce, was read. The
Clerk was directed to inform said Chamber of Commerce that a member of this Board would be as-
signed to attend said meetings, unless some member of this Board would volunteer such service.

The Clerk was also directed to extend an invitation to the Chamber of Commerce to send representa-
tives to meetings of this Board.

No further business appearing it was ordered upon motion duly made that this meeting
adjourn until Saturday the 14th day of January, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock P. M.

No further business appearing it was ordered upon notion duly made that this meeting
adjourn until Thursday the 12th day of January, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock P. M.

OFFICER OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. January 14, 1928.

At an adjourned regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 14th day of January, 1928, at the hour of three
o'clock P. M. Present: Hon. J. F. Hesse, Mayor; Commissioners W. C. German, W. B. Mundy,
together with the City Attorney and Clerk. Absent: Commissioners O. J. Smith and Roy Neagle.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

At this time a plat of the East 1/2 of Block B, Valley View Addition to the City of
Las Vegas, was presented to the Board for approval, accompanied by a letter from the City Plan-
ning Commission recommending such approval. After due consideration, it was ordered upon motion
duly made, seconded and carried, that said plat be rejected and returned to J. T. McWilliams, a
surveyor, who presented said plat, for the following reasons, to-wit: