Thereupon the Clerk presented the application of Morgan, Stocker and Horden for a gaming
license for two games at the Northern Bar, the same having been heretofore approved by Police
and Fire Commissioner Matzdorf, whereupon, it was ordered, upon motion duly made and carried
that the Clerk be and she is hereby directed to issue a gaming license for two games to
Morgan, Stocker and Horden at the Northern Bar on Fremont Street . Voting Commissioners Elwell,
Anderson and Matzdorf and His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time the Clerk presented the following communication :

Las Vegas, Nevada.

January 5,1925.

To the Honorable Board of City Commissioners,

Las Vegas, Nevada;

Gentlemen:

In reference to Mr. John L. Russell's offer to donate
land dated October 18th, 1924, for a street extension of Clark
Avenue in Original Townsite of Las Vegas through his land
along the South line of N 1/2 of SW 1/4 Sec. 28 and along South line
of N 1/2 of SE 1/4 Sec. 29, Tp. 20 S.R. 61 E.M.D.B.& M. to connect
with the old L.V. & T R.R. grade now used for State Highway,
will state that your Mayor and Councilman A.R. Anderson asked
me to give probable cost of survey to obtain description for
the necessary deed and make plat for city records.

Mr. Russell had planned to lay road out on different
lines and had paid me to make survey of his boundary lines,
and feels that as he is willing to donate the land while
other people are being paid for rights of was, that the city
should be willing to pay for street survey, which I will
guarantee not to cost over Seventy-five ($75.00) Dollars
including a map for filing record in your city records. I
will need two chainmen at $5.00 per day each for two days
and myself at $15.00 per day after which survey I would take
part of day to make up map and deed.

Respectfully yours,

J.T. McWilliams

County Surveyor.

Thereupon, after due consideration, the Clerk was directed, upon motion of Commissioner Elwell,
seconded by Commissioner Anderson, to notify Mr. McWilliams that the city will pay for the
survey as set forth in the above letter in a sum not to exceed $75.00, said sum to be paid
to Mr. McWilliams upon delivery to the city of deed to a fifty foot right of way, as above
described. Voting Commissioners Anderson, Elwell, Matzdorf and the Mayor, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon, there being no further business to come before the Board at this time, it was
ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Matzdorf, that the
Board adjourn until the next regular meeting to be held on the 3rd day of February, A.D. 1925.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

January 28,1925.

At a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, held on the 28th day of January, A.D. 1925, at the hour of three thirty o'clock
P.M. Present Hon. W.C. German, Mayor, with Commissioners A.R. Anderson ,W.H. Elwell, F.E. Matzdorf
together with the City Attorney, A.W. Ham and the City Clerk.

The Clerk, upon the call to order, proceeded to read the following Call for Special Meeting
and Notice of Special Meeting: