OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. January 6, 1928.

At an adjourned regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 6th day of January, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock
P. M. Present: Hon. J. F. Hesse, Mayor, Commissioners W. B. Mundy, O. J. Smith, W. C. German,
Roy Neagle, together with the City Attorney and Clerk.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

Minutes of the last regular meeting and adjourned meetings read and approved.

A plat of the East 1/2 of Block B Valley Addition to the City of Las Vegas was presented
to the Board for approval and upon motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner German
and duly carried, it was ordered that said plat be referred to the City Planning Commission.

Proposed ordinance No.	, entitled, "An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas

Classifying the City of Las Vegas into Use Districts and Regulating and Restricting the Location
of Trades, Industries, Businesses and Residences", was read for the first time and laid over for
second reading.

	Thereupon, the Board ordered the above described Ordinance referred to the Planning

Commission.

Thereupon, the Clerk presented the application of Gabriel Lopez for a license for the
operation of two gaming tables, the fee of $150.00 being paid and said application being ap-
proved by the Police and Fire Commissioner. Upon motion duly made, seconded and carried it was
ordered that the license be issued.

The Clerk then presented the application of C. E. Andrews and Cliff McClellan for a
license for the operation of two gaming tables, the fee of $150.00 being paid and said ap-
plication being approved by the Police and Fire Commissioner. Upon motion duly made, seconded
and carried it was ordered that the license be issued.

The Clerk then presented the application of A. T. Gilmore and J. W. Horden for a
license for the operation of two gaming tables, the fee of $150.00 being paid and said ap-
plication being approved by the Police and Fire Commissioner. Upon motion duly made, seconded
and carried it was ordered that the license be issued.

The Clerk then presented the application of A. T. McCarter for a license for the
operation of three gaming tables, the fee of $250.00 being paid and said application being
approved by the Police and Fire Commissioner. Upon motion duly made, seconded and carried
it was ordered that the license be issued.

Thereupon, the Clerk presented the application of C. C. Stocker for a license for the
operation of three gaming tables, the fee of $250.00 being paid and said application being ap-
proved by the Police and Fire Commissioner. Upon motion duly made, seconded and carried it
was ordered that the license be issued.

No further business appearing it was ordered upon motion duly made that this meeting
adjourn until Monday the 9th day of January, at the hour of three o'clock P. M.