held on the 12th day of August, A. D. 1924, at the hour of 7:30 o'clock P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA, AUGUST 12, 1924.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners, of the City of
Las Vegas, held on the 12th day of August, A. D. 1924, at 7:30 o'clock P. M. Present, his
Honor the Mayor, W. C. German, with Commissioners Shield and Matzdorf, together with the City
Attorney and City Clerk.

At this time it was ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Matzdorf, seconded by Com-
missioner Shield, that the claim of Helen J. Stewart in the sum of $1400 for a right of way
purchased by the City for the proposed highway be, and the same is hereby allowed, and the 
Clerk was directed to draw a warrant in said sum of $1400 in favor of Helen J. Stewart. Said
warrant to be delivered to A. W. Ham, City Attorney, who shall deliver the same to the said
Helen J. Stewart, after receiving a properly executed deed to the above mentioned right of way.
Voting Commissioners Shield and Matzdorf, and his Honor the Mayor, W. C. German aye, Noes none.

Upon motion of Commissioner Matzdorf, seconded by Commissioner Shield, the following
resolution was ordered spread upon the minutes of the Board.

WHEREAS, the Department of Highways at the request of the Board of City Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, is preparing plans and specifications for the improvement of Main
and Fremont Streets within the City of Las Vegas, and

WHEREAS, it has been decided to improve Fremont Street with a hard surface pavement
and it appearing to the said Board of City Commissioners that an asphaltic concrete pavement
will be more satisfactory and cheaper than any patented processes heretofore considered, be it
therefore

RESOLVED, that the Department of Highways be, and is hereby requested to improve
Fremont Street between Main and Fifth Streets, with asphaltic, concrete pavement, in accord-
ance with the proposed "cross-section of street improvement at Las Vegas", prepared by the
Department of Highways March 7th, 1924, and be it therefore further		

RESOLVED, that the Department of Highways include in the improvement of Fremont
Street the repairing of all cement curbs where necessary between Main and Third Streets, the
removal of the existing timber curbs between Third and Fifth Streets, and their replacement
with cement curbs.

The vote on said resolution was as follows: Commissioners Matzdorf, Shield and his
Honor the Mayor, W. C. German, aye, Noes none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, it was
ordered, upon motion duly made and carried, that the Board adjourn until the next regular
meeting, to be held on Tuesday, September 2nd, 1924, at the hour of 7:30 o'clock P. M.