penditure of moneys by Permittee as an estoppel against said City of Las Vegas
in any respect whatsoever, Nor shall this Permit be construed as a grant of any
right or privilege adverse to the rights of any abutting owner or owners of
property along any of the streets, avenues or alleys where said pipes, mains,
laterals or appliances may be placed or maintained by said Permittee, nor to
establish any rights in the Permittee contrary to or inconsistent with the
right of the original dedicators of said Streets, avenues and alleys, or their
assigns.

Permittee shall not be entitled to assign this permit or any rights hereunder
without the consent of the Board of City Commissioners of said City first had and
obtained in writing.

This permit shall become effective upon the acceptance of same in writing
by the Permittee within forty days from the date of it's passage, but in default
of such acceptance the same shall be of no effect.

Passed by the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas on the
5th day of February, 1929.

Executed in pursuance of the Order of said Board of City Commissioners by the
Mayor and City Clerk.

Thereunto duly authorized this 5th day of February, 1929. Executed in duplicate.

The foregoing permit accepted this ______ day of February, 1929.

BOULDER DAM SYNDICATE, INC.

Thereupon, a Committee representing the American Legion, Post No. 8, of the City of
Las Vegas, with Dr. J. D. Smith acting as chairman, appeared before the Board and discussed
with the Board the several phases in relation to attaining and equipping an air-field
in the City of Las Vegas as a municipal airport.

Thereafter a recess was declared until the 6th day of February, 1929, at the hour of
7:30 o'clock, P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

February 6th, 1929.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
Clark County, Nevada, held on the 6th day of February, 1929, at the hour of seven-thirty
o'clock, P.

PRESENT: His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B. Mundy,
together with the City Attorney and Clerk.

ABSENT:	Commissioners Roy Neagle and W. C. German.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

Leo A. McNamee, Esq., appeared before the Board and presented to said Board a
written application of Southern Nevada Telephone Company, a corporation of Las Vegas,

Nevada, petitioning said Board to grant a permit to said corporation for the use of streets
highways and alleys of the City of Las Vegas for the purpose of constructing, maintaining
and operating a system of telephones in said City.