Thereupon the matter of the numbering of houses and the erecting of mail boxes coming on
for discussion before the Board, after due consideration, the following Resolution was
duly passed and adopted, upon motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Elwell:
RESOLVED that this Board approves of the action of the Postmaster of Las Vegas in securing
for the City free mail delivery, and that this Board co-operate to the fullest extent in
complying with all regulations of the Department necessary for securing said delivery, and
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that as an aid towards fulfilling said regulations the numbering of
all houses not heretofore numbered in accordance with the city ordinance be numbered at once
by city employees, the charge to be borne by the property owners, and that the erection of
mail boxes be made mandatory.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, Smith, Elwell and His Honor
the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, voting aye. Noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, it was ordered, upon
motion duly made and carried, that the Board adjourn until Thursday the 17th day of December
at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

Las Vegas, Nevada. December 17th, 1925

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 17th day of December, 1925, at the hour of three
o'clock P.M.

Present Hon, J.F. Hesse, Mayor, with Commissioners W.B. Mundy, O.J. Smith and W.H. Elwell, to-
gether with the City Attorney and City Clerk, Commissioner C.J. Hammond being absent.

At this time the Board took under consideration the purchase of a truck for the Street
Department. Action was deferred.

Meeting adjourned upon motion of Commissioner Smith seconded by Commissioner Elwell until
the next regular meeting to be held on the 7th day of January, 1926, at the hour of three
o'clock P.M. Voting on said motion; Commissioners Mundy, Smith, Elwell and His Honor the Mayor
J.F. Hesse, Aye. Noes, none.