OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

March 13,1922.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, held on the 13th day of March, 1922, at the hour of two o'clock p.m. Present Mayor Pro Tem
Dentner, with members Thos. R. Hodgens, and W.E. Arnold, Commissioner H.N. Anderson being absent.

 At this time the Clerk read for the first time Ordinance #90 of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, entitled" An Ordinance to Amend Section six (6) of Ordinance No. 66 of the City of Las Vegas,
entitled "An Ordinance Regulating Travel and Traffic Upon the Public Streets of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada," as amended by Section 1 of Ordinance No. 86 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled
"An Ordinance to Amend Section six (6) and to Repeal Section seven (7) of Ordinance No. 66 of the
City of Las Vegas, entitled ' An Ordinance Regulating Travel and Traffic upon the Public Streets of
the City of Las Vegas, Nevada:' "also to amend Sections twenty (20) and Twenty-two (22) of said Or-
dinance No. 66, and to add three new sections to said Ordinance No. 66 to be known as Sections 34a,

35a and 36a respectively ,by way of amendment, and to repeal all ordinances or parts of ordinances
in conflict therewith. Upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Arnold, and duly
carried this Ordinance was passed to the second reading. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, and
His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem Dentner Aye. Noes, none.

At this time the clerk read for the first time Ordinance No. 91 of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, entitled "An Ordinance Providing for the cleaning of lots within the limits of Clark's Las
Vegas Townsite in the City of Las Vegas, and providing penalties for the violation thereof, and
repealing all Ordinances and parts of Ordinances in Conflict therewith. Upon motion of Commissioner
Hodgens seconded by Commissioner Arnold, and duly carried this Ordinance was passed to the second
reading. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem Dentner Aye. Noes, None.

Commissioner Hodgens was directed by the Board through the Mayor Pro Tem to investigate
ways and means of purchasing new fire apparatus.

There being no farther business to some before the Board at this time it was moved
by Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Arnold, and duly carried that the Board adjourn
until Wednesday, March 15, 1922, at the hour of seven o'clock p.m. Voting Commissioners Hodgens. Arnold,
and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Nones, none.

AT THE OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE
CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

March 15,1922.

At a regular meeting of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, held on the 15th day of March, A.D
1922 at the hour of seven o'clock p.m. Present Commissioners Thomas R. Hodgens, W.E. Arnold, and H.N.
Anderson with Mayor Pro Tem W.H. Dentner, together with the City Attorney and City Clerk.

At this time the Clerk read for the second time Ordinance No. 88 of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada entitled "An Ordinance to amend Section six of Ordinance No. 77 of the City of Las Vegas,
entitled 'An Ordinance to Prohibit gaming in the City of Las Vegas, without first obtaining a license
therefor, regulating the same, fising the amount of such license, providing a penalty therefor, and re-
pealing all Ordinances in Conflict therewith' and repealing all Ordinances and parts of Ordinances
in conflict with such amendment. Upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Arnold