motion of Commissioner Matzdorf, seconded by Commissioner Anderson that adjournment be taken until
Tuesday, the first day of April, A. D. 1924, at the hour of seven-thirty o'clock p.m.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

March 31st ,1924.

At a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, held on the 31st day of March, A.D. 1924, at the hour of seven-thirty o'clock P.M.
Present His Honor the Mayor ,W.C. German with Commissioners F.E. Matzdorf, C.R. Shield, A.R. Anderson,
and W.H. Elwell, together with the City Attorney and City Clerk.

At this time the Clerk presented the following waiver of notice of special meeting:

The undersigned, Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, and each and all of
the Commissioners of said City do hereby waive notice of time, place and ob-
jects of a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, and hereby consent to the holding of said meeting at the Commission-
ers' Room in the said City of Las Vegas, at the Clark County Court House, on
the 31st day of March, 1924, at the hour of eight o'clock P.M. of said date,
and consent to the transaction of any and all business of the City thereat.

Dated this 31st day of March, 1924.

(Signed) W.C. German Mayor
F.E. Matzdorf,

A.R. Anderson,

C.R. Shield,

W.H. Elwell, Commissioners.

Thereupon, it was the order of the Board, upon motion of Commissioner Matzdorf, seconded
by Commissioner Anderson, and duly carried, that the office of City Marshall be declared
vacant. Voting Commissioners Matzdorf, Shield, and Anderson, and His Honor the Mayor, W.C. 
German, Aye. Noes, none. W.H. Elwell not voting.

At this time the Mayor declared nominations were inorder for filling the vacancy ex-
isting in the office of City Marshall. Thereupon the name of A.W. Woody was placed in nomination
by Commissioner Shield, seconded by Commissioner Anderson. The name of Joe May was placed in nom-
ination by Commissioner Matzdorf, seconded by Mayor German.

It was ordered upon motion of Commissioner Anderson ,seconded by Commissioner Shield, that
the nominations be closed. Voting Commissioners Matzdorf, Anderson, and Shield and His Honor the
Mayor, W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none, W.H. Elwell not voting.

The name of Joe May was then placed before the Board for appointment to the office of City
Marshall. Voting, Commissioners Matzdorf, Anderson and His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, Aye. 
Commissioner Shield, no.. Commissioner Elwell not voting.

Thereupon it was declared that Joe May is duly appointed to the office of City Marshall of
the City of Las Vegas, said appointment to take effect upon the filing and approval of a good
and sufficient bond in the sum of One Thousand Dollars, and upon his taking the oath of office
required by law.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, it was ordered,
upon motion of Commissioner Shield, seconded by Commissioner Elwell, that the Board adjourn
until the next regular meeting to be held on the 1st day of April. A.D. 1924.