Thereupon the Clerk read for the first time Ordinance No. 95 of the City of Las Vegas
entitled " An Ordinance to amend Subdivision number (34) of Ordinance No. 81 of the City of Las Ve-
gas, entitled' An Ordinance to Amend Section Seven (7) of Ordinance No. 48 of the City of Las Vea-as
entitled' An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas, licensing for the purpose of regulation and
revenue, every kind of lawful business hereinafter specified, transacted or carried on within the
corporate limits of the City of Las Vegas, state of Nevada ,fixing the rates of license tax upon
the same and providing for the collection of said license tax, and a punishment for carrying on or
conducting any such business without a license, and repealing Ordinances Nos. 1, 2, 4, 13, 14, and 35' 
approved December 3, 1913, and amended December 13, 1915 by Ordinance No. 62 of the City of Las Vegas and
farther amended March 5,1919 by Ordinance No. 74 of the City of Las Vegas, and to amend Section 6
of said Ordinance No. 48 as created by said Ordinance No. 74,and repealing all Ordinances or parts
of Ordinances in Conflict therewith" ;whereupon ,on motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Com-
missioner Arnold, it was order that said Ordinance No. 95 be passed to the second reading. Voting
Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, and Gorton, Aye, Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk read for the first time a new Ordinance to be known as Ordinance
No. 96 of the City of Las Vegas ,entitled " An Ordinance to amend Section 1 of Ordinance No. 27
of the City of Las Vegas, entitled' An Ordinance Fixing the Fire Limits of the City of Las Vegas
regulating building construction and the keeping of combustibles and explosives,' and to amend
Section 7 of said Ordinance No. 27, as amended by Section 4 of Ordinance No. 72, entitled "An Ordinance
amending Sections 2,3,6, and 7 of Ordinance No. 27 of the City of Las Vegas entitled ' An Ordinance
Fixing the Fire Limits of the City of Las Vegas, regulating building construction and the keeping
of combustibles and explosives, and to further amend said Ordinance No. 27 by adding thereto two new
Sections to be known as Sections 6a, and 6b, respectively. Whereupon, on motion of Commissioner Hodgens
seconded by Commissioner Arnold, and duly carried, said Ordinance was passed to the second reading.
Voting, Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold and Gorton, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk read for the first time an Ordinance to be known as Ordinance
 No 97 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled" An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas providing for
Fire Escapes," whereupon on motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Arnold, and
duly carried it was ordered that said ordinance be passed to the second reading. Voting Commissioners
Hodgens, Arnold and Gorton ,Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk read the following communication:

Las Vegas, Nevada.

July 15,1922.

Honorable, Mayor and Board of
City Commissioners.

Las Vegas Nevada.

Gentlemen:

As representing a considerable portion of the active
citizenship and business interests of the city of Las Vegas
the Board of Directors of the Las Vegas Nevada Chamber of Commerce most
respectfully requests the privilege of meeting with you in-
formally, for the purpose of discussing the matter of "fire-proof buildings"
and "fire limits".

In seeking this opportunity to confer with you it is with
a spirit of co-operation and not of criticism that we address
you.

It has been suggested that an evening meeting would
be the most convenient and the Commissioners' Room at the Court
House or the Chamber of Commerce Room would be the most suitable
meeting place.

Trusting that this suggestion will meet with your
approval and that we may have the pleasure of meeting with you
at an early date ,we are

Most respectfully yours,

Las Vegas Nevada Chamber of Commerce,

By Leslie R. Saunders, Executive Secy.

Thereupon, on motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Gorton, it was ordered
that this communication be laid on the table. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold and Gorton

Aye, Noes, none.