OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA

Las Vegas, Nevada. August 7,1923

a regular meeting of the City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada,
held on the 7th day of August, 1923, at the hour of seven-thirty o'clock P.M. Present Hon.

W.C. German, Mayor, with Commissioners A.R. Anderson, C.R. Shield and W.H. Elwell, together with
the City Attorney and City Clerk, Commissioner W.E. Arnold being absent.

Minutes of the previous meeting were read and approved as read.

Reports of officers were read, approved and ordered placed on file in the office of the

Clerk.

All bills allowed as per claim book on file with the clerk of this Board.

At this time W.R. Bracken appeared before the Board and outlined plans of the Las Vegas
Land and Water company for improvements to be made to the present water system of Las Vegas,
and there followed a discussion of possible changes and improvements to be made to the city
fire hydrants. Definite action towards securing those improvements was deferred until the
next regular meeting of the Board.

The communication of City Treasurer J.M. Ullom regarding side walk assessments was
referred to the City Attorney for action.

Communications from the Woodlawn Cemetery Board were read and ordered placed on file.
Communications from the Red Cross Disaster Committee re the Goldfield fire were
read and ordered placed on file.

At this time it was ordered, on motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commis-
sioner Shield, that Harley A. Harmon be and he is hereby employed to perform the duties of
the office of City attorney, during the absence of F.A .Stevens, City Attorney, with the understand-
ing that compensation for the services of the said Harley A. Harmon will be paid by the said

F.A. Stevens. Voting on said motion Commissioners Anderson, Shield, and Elwell and His Honor
the Mayor W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time the Clerk presented the petition of P.E. Swisher and John E. Kingsbury
for a Gaming License (2 games) at the Thomas Building on First Street, the same having been
heretofore approved by Police and Fire Commissioner Shield, whereupon, it was the order
of the Board, upon motion of Commissioner Elwell, seconded by Commissioner Shield, that said
license be issued to the said John E. Kingsbury and P.E. Swisher. Voting Commissioners Anderson,
Shield, and Biwell, and His Honor the Mayor, Aye. Noes, none.

The City Clerk was directed to communicate with the Hon. W.J. Stewart, Chairman of the
Board of County Commissioners of Clark County, Nevada with regard to securing the use of the
power lawn mower belonging to the County for Woodlawn Cemetery.

On motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Shield, it was ordered
that the Mayor be and he is hereby authorized to issue the following proclamation:

I,	W.C. GERMAN, Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada
do hereby declare Friday the tenth day of August, 1923, a day of mourning
at the death of our beloved President Warren G. Harding, and request
that in respect to his memory all places of business throughout the
City remain closed between the hours of one o'clock and five o'clock
P.M. of said day.

It is further requested that all citizens join in a solemn obser-
vance of these hours.

(Signed) W.C. German

Mayor

Dated at Las Vegas, Nevada, this 8th day of August, 1923, and sealed
with the official seal of said City.

(SEAL)

Thereupon, there being no further business to come before the Board at this time
it was ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Shield, seconded by Commissioner Elwell, that
the Board adjourn until Monday the 27th day of August, A.D. 1923, at the hour of