Thereupon the Clerk presented the application of L.R. Skinner for gaming license

( 2 games) at the Overland Bar, the same having been theretofore approved by Police and Fire

Commissioner Shield, whereupon it was the order of the Board, on motion of Commissioner Shield,

seconded by Commissioner Anderson, that said application be granted and that the Clerk be and

she is hereby directed to issue a license as set forth above to the said L.R. Skinner. Voting,
Commissioners Anderson and Shield and His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none .

Thereupon the Clerk presented the application of J.T. McLaurine and R.W. Hewitt for

a gaming license ( 2 games) at the Exchange Pool Room, the same having been theretofore approved
by Police and Fire Commissioner Shield, whereupon it was the order of the Board upon motion of
Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Shield, that said application be granted and
that the Clerk be and she is hereby directed to issue a license as set forth above to the said

J.T. McLaurine and R.W. Hewitt. Voting, Commissioners Anderson and Shield and His Honor the Mayor
W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the application of L.W. Stocker for a gaming license
(4 games) at the Northern Hotel, the same having been theretofore approved by Police and
Fire Commissioner Shield, whereupon it was the order of the Board on motion of Commissioner
Shield, seconded by Commissioner Anderson, that said application be granted and that the Clerk
be and she is hereby directed to issue a license as set forth above to the said L.W. Stocker.
Voting Commissioners Anderson and Shield and His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none,

Thereupon the Clerk presented the application of P.E. Swisher for a gaming license

( 2 games) at the Thomas Bldg, on First St., the same having been theretofore approved by


Police and Fire Commissioner Shield, whereupon it was the order of the Board on motion of Commissioner Anderson, 

seconded by Com. Shield that said application be granted and that the Clerk be and she is hereby directed to issue 

a license a set forth above to the, said P.E. Swisher. Voting Commissioners Anderson and Shield and His Honor the
Mayor, W.C. German ,Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the application of B.L. Williams for a gaming
license ( 2 games) at the Bldg, adjoining the First State Bank on First Street, the same
having been theretofore approved by Police and Fire Commissioner Shield, whereupon, it was
the order of the Board, upon motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Shield,
that said application be granted and that the Clerk be and she is hereby directed to issue
a license as set forth above to the said B.L. Williams. Voting Commissioners Anderson and
Shield and His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time the Clerk presented the following communication:

September 18,1923.

To The Honorable Mayor and Board of Commissioners,

Las Vegas, Nevada .

Gentlemen:

Section Ten, Ordinance Ninety-three, provides for the payment
of a fee of $15.00 for arrest and conviction in certain cases.

The cases herein mentioned have been acted upon in Municipal
Court and the records show that fees in these cases have not yet been
paid.

Name	Fine Paid	Fee Due

Carl Wasserbach	$295.00	$15.00

James Lyons	275.00	15.00

W.W. Cantrell	150.00	15.00

P.H. Toohey	150.00	15.00

Mrs. P.E. Swisher	200.00	_____15.00_____

Amount due	475.00

Your attention to this matter will be greatly appreciated.

Respectfully yours

Leo A. Crowley

Chief of Police.

whereupon it was the order of the Board, after due consideration, upon motion of Commissioner
Shield, seconded by Commissioner Anderson, that the above mentioned claim in the sum of
$75.00 for the arrest and conviction in the cases therein named, be and the same is hereby
allowed, and ordered paid. Voting Commissioners Anderson, Shield, and His Honor the Mayor,

W. C. German, Aye. Noes, none,