the following Preambles and Resolutions were duly adopted:

RESOLUTION.

WHEREAS, There were cast in the City of Las Vegas for Representative in Congress at the last
preceding general election, held on Nov. 2, 1926, Thirteen hundred thirty-eight votes, and

WHEREAS, a petition was on the 8th day of February, 1927, presented to and filed with the Board
of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, containing the following prayer, to-wit:

TO THE HONORABLE BOARD OF CITY COMMISSIONER OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, IN THE COUNTY OF CLARK,

STATE OF NEVADA:

Gentlemen:

We, the undersigned, electors of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, do hereby petition
your honorable body to reconvey, upon such terms as you may prescribe, all the right, title and interest,
of said city of Las Vegas in and to the land and premises hereinafter described which has heretofore
been donated and dedicated for use as an agricultural fair grounds, park, aviation field and automobile
parking ground for the accomodation of the traveling public and purposes incident thereto, to Las Vegas
Land & Water Company, the corporation from whom such land was acquired. We respectively believe that
such reconveyance will be advantageous to such city and its citizens.

The land so donated and dedicated which we petition to be reconveyed is situate in the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, and is described as follows:

Commencing at a point 80 ft. N. 28 Deg. 13 min. E. from the NE corner of Block 33 at its inter-
section with Stewart and Fifth Street as shown on Map of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite, and running thence

N.	61 Deg. 47 min. W. 1060 ft.; thence N. 28 deg. 13 min, E. 960 ft.; thence N. 54 deg. 47 min. E. 447.2
ft.; thence S. 61 deg. 47 min. E 860 ft.; thence S. 28 deg. 13 min. W. 1360 ft. to the place of beginning,
excepting and excluding therefrom .667 acres in conflict with Buck's addition and comprising a net area of
31.510 acres exclusive of said conflict; being the same laud as is described in the deed from Las Vegas
Land & Water Company, a corporation, to the County of Clark, in the State of Nevada and the City of Las
Vegas, a municipal corporation in said County of Clark, State of Nevada, as tenants in common and which
deed is recorded in Book 8 of Deeds, pages 408, 409 and 410 Clark County, Nevada, Records, and which re-
cords are hereby referred to and made a part hereof.
and.

WHEREAS, said petition consists of several parts, each containing signatures and verification as
hereinafter mentioned, and each part has appended thereto the signatures and places of residence of
electors of said City of Las Vegas, and

WHEREAS, each of said parts of said petition has appended thereto as a part thereof the oath of
one of the signers of each respective part that the statements therein made and the signatures therein
set forth are true to the best of the knowledge and belief of the person making the respective oath, and

WHEREAS, this Board has found, and hereby finds and determines from the foregoing that the said
petition, as a whole and in its said several parts, is in proper form and is verified as required by
law, and further that the said petition in the aggregate contains the signatures of Seven Hundred
Sixty (760) persons, who were at the time of the making of such signature, and now are, electors of the
said City of Las Vegas, in a number in excess of fifty-one per cent, of the number of votes cast in
such City for representative in Congress at the last preceding general election, held November 2, 1926,
and

WHEREAS, it appears to and is so found and determined by this Board that the land mentioned and
embraced in said petition, and hereinafter more particularly is described, is now held in trust for the
public for the following uses, to-wit: For use solely for agricultural fair grounds, park, aviation
field and automobile parking ground for the accomodation of the traveling public and purposes incident
thereto, by the City of Las Vegas and the County of Clark, both in the State of Nevada, as tenants in
common, under a donation and dedication thereof to such public uses, made by that certain deed of con-
veyance, bearing date the 17th day of April, 1922, made by Las Vegas Land & Water Company, a corporation,
as grantor, and said County of Clark and said City of Las Vegas, as grantees, which said deed embraces
and embraced the following described land, to-wit; Commencing at a point 80 ft. N. 28˚ 13' E. from the

N.	E. Corner of Block 33, at its intersection with Stewart and Fifth Streets, as shown on map of Clark's
Las Vegas Townsite, and running thence N. 6l˚47' W. 1060 ft.; thence N. 28˚13' E. 960 ft; thence N. 54˚
47' E. 447.2 ft.; thence S. 61 47' E. 860 ft.; thence S. 28˚ 13' W. 1360 ft.; to the place of beginning,

excepting and excluding therefrom .667 acres in conflict with Buck's Addition, and comprising a net area
of 31.510 acres, exclusive of said conflict, and

WHEREAS, said deed of its terms provides for the reversion of said land to the said donor, Las
Vegas Land & Water Company upon the failure of the said grantees to comply with the conditions thereof,
as set forth in said deed, which is of record in Book 8 of Deeds, pages 408-409-410 A, Clark County,

Nevada Records, which said records is hereby specifically referred to and made a part hereof, and

WHEREAS, it appears to this Board that said Las Vegas Land & Water Company, has entered into an
 agreement, bearing date the 9th day of February, 1927, with one A. L. Richmond, of Los Angeles, California
to convey to said A. L. Richmond approximately ninety acres of land in said city of Las Vegas including
said 31.510 acres, hereinafter referred to as "Public Park", upon the requirements of said agreement, a
copy of which has been submitted to this Board, wherein, among other things, the said A. L. Richmond is
required, on or before six months from the date of execution and delivery of the deed and abstract, pro-
vided for in said agreement, to commence and thereafter diligently pursue the construction of a first
class modern tourist hotel on said premises, so proposed to be conveyed by said Las Vegas Land & Water
Company, the same to contain not less than one hundred fifty (150) rooms, and the cost to be reasonably
worth not less than two hundred fifty thousand ($250,000.00) Dollars, together with suitable adjuncts such
as garages, roadways, drives, walks, lawns, gardens, tennis courts, a nine hole golf course and other play
grounds in and upon said premises, so proposed to be conveyed to said A. L. Richmond by said Las Vegas
Land & Water Company, the said adjuncts to cost and to be reasonably worth the sum of Fifty Thousand Dollars
($50,000.00) and to complete the same and the whole thereof and have it and them available and in actual
operation for the accomodation of guests, on or before September 1st, 1928; and, it is provided in said
agreement that in order to insure the construction of said hotel and adjuncts upon said premises, so
proposed to be conveyed to said A. L. Richmond, as aforesaid, he, the said A. L. Richmond shall, on or
before ninety days from the date of the execution and delivery of said agreement, deliver to the said
Las Vegas Land & Water Company a good and sufficient bond in the penal sum of Fifty Thousand Dollars
($50,000.00), with sureties to be approved by said Las Vegas Land & Water Company, conditioned on and re-
quiring the performance of said agreement, and an additional bond of Fifty Thousand Dollars ($50,000.00)
without sureties, executed by A. L. Richmond, individually with the same conditions, and

WHEREAS, in order to fully consummate the arrangement contemplated by and embraced in said agree-
ment, it is necessary that said City of Las Vegas and County of Clark re-convey the above described
Public Park to said Las Vegas Land & Water Company, and

WHEREAS, it appears to this Board and is found and determined by this Board that the maintenance
by said City, either solely, or in connection with such co-owner, the said County of Clark, of such
public park for the purposes specified in the instrument or instruments of donation and dedication, as
aforesaid, under the conditions prescribed by and contained in said deed of donation and dedication
as aforesaid, is unnecessarily burdensome upon said City, and that such re-conveyance of the said premises
so held by said City and County, to said Las Vegas Land & Water Company, to facilitate and make possible
the construction and operation of said agreement and arrangements and the construction and operation of
said hotel and adjuncts, will be advantageous to said City and its citizens.

NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that a deed of re-conveyance, without warranty, on behalf of said
City of Said Public Park, as hereinabove more particularly described, shall be and is hereby ordered and
directed to be made of all the right, title and interest of said City of Las Vegas to said Las Vegas
Land & Water Company; that such deed of re-conveyance on behalf of said City shall be executed under the

hand of the Mayor of said City of Las Vegas, and attested by the City Clerk thereof under the seal of