tions as to inadequate service, etc. and

WHEREAS a hearing and investigation appear to be
necessary ar desirable to determine the justness of the
charge contained in said protest,

NOT THEREFORE, IT IS HEREBY ORDERED, That the above
entitled matter be, and it is hereby, set for hearing at
the Court House in Las Vegas on June 19, at 4 o'clock in
the afternoon of said day.

IT IS FURTHER ORDERED, That a copy hereof be served
upon said S.W. Craner, and upon the City of Las Vegas, and
that no farther notice heed be given.

BY THE COMMISSION,

STELLA G. COLCORD.

Dated: May 29,1922.	Asst.	Secretary.

Commissioner	J.G. Scrugham will	hear this case.

whereupon said notice was ordered placed on file.

Thereupon the Clerk read for the first time Ordinance No. 9A of the City of Las Vegas
entitled " An Ordinance Regulating and Prohibiting the sale, use and possession of certain 
narcotic drugs in the City of Las Vegas; prescribing a penalty for the violation thereof and other
matters relating thereto. " Upon motion of Commissioner Hoddens, seconded by Commissioner Gorton
and	duly	carried, this ordinance was passed to the second reading. Voting Commissioners Hodgens,

Arnold, and Gorton, and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk read for the first time an Ordinance to be known as Ordinance No.

93 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled" An Ordinance Prohibiting the Manufacture, Storage or
Keeping, Sale or other Disposal of Intoxicating Liquors in the City of Las Vegas; Regulating
Other Matters Pertaining thereto; Providing a Penalty for the Violation of this Ordinance, and
Repealing All Ordinances and Parts of Ordinances in Conflict Therewith ". Upon motion of
Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Gorton, and duly carried, it was ordered that said
Ordinance be passed to the second reading,. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Gorton, and Arnold, and
His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem Dentner. Aye. Noes, none.

At this time the Board listened to a report on health conditions given by Dr. E.C.
Bulette, Health Officer, and L.R. Hilkie, Sewer Inspector.

C.P. Squires appeared before the Board with a request for the cooperation of the
Board in securing free mail delivery for the City of Las Vegas.

Mayor Pro Tem Dentner made a statement to the Board deprecating the fact that a
prize fight had been held in the City of Memorial Day, stating that he considered that said
day should be devoted to other purposes.

The matter of the disposal of the City Jail coming on for discussion, it was the,
opinion of the Board, expressed after due consideration, that the police Commissioner

Thos. R. Hodgens should be empowered to sell the said jail is a fair price could be gotten for
it. If not, it was decided that the jail should be torn down and stored in the city garage.

	There being no farther business to come before the Board at this time, it was the

order of the Board upon motion duly made and carried that the meeting stand adjourned.
Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold Gorton, and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.