OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

Las V gas, Clark County, Nevada. January 6th ,1925.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, held on the 6th day of January, A.D 1925, at the hour of seven-thirty o'clock
P.M. Present Hon. W.C. German, Mayor, with Commissioners F.E. Matzdorf, W.E. Elwell and A.R. An-
derson, together with the City Attorney, A.W. Ham, and the City Clerk.

Minutes of the previous meeting were read, and there being no omissions or corrections
were approved as read.

Reports of officers were read, approved and ordered placed on file in the office of the
Clerk.

All claims allowed as per claim book on file in the office of the Clerk of this Board.

On motion of Commissioner Matzdorf, seconded by Commissioner Elwell, the Clerk was directed
to draw a warrant in favor of E.W. Griffith and Son in the following amounts: $263.02 on the
General Fund of the City of Las Vegas, and $41.58 on the Sidewalk Assessment Fund #9, said
payments being on account of the construction of the concrete sidewalk on the west side of
Second Street, as per contract between the City of Las Vegas and E.W. Griffith and Son. Voting,
Commissioners Elwell, Matzdorf and Anderson and His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

There upon it was ordered upon motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner

Matzdorf that the Clerk be and she is hereby directed to draw a warrant in the sum of $566.80

on the General Fund of the City of Las Vegas, in favor of the Pacific Tank and Pipe Company

of Los Angeles in part payment of the account of $1066.80 due said Company. Voting Commissioners

Matzdorf, Elwell, Anderson and His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk was directed to draw a warrant in the sum of $3027.36 in favor of the
State Highway Department the balance due on the city's share of the cost of the improvement of
Fremont and Main Streets under Federal Aid. This order was made upon motion of Commissioner
Matzdorf, seconded by Commissioner Elwell, and was passed on the following vote; Commissioners
Anderson, Matzdorf, Elwell and His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time the Clerk presented the application of Ronald Gibson for a gaming license
for two games at the Big Four, the same having been approved by Police and Fire Commissioner
Matzdorf, whereupon, it was ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Matzdorf, seconded by Com-
missioner Elwell, that the Clerk be and she is hereby directed to issue a gaming license for
two games to Ronald Gibson at the Big Four on First Street. Voting Commissioners Matzdorf,

Elwell, Anderson and His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the application of J.L. McLaurine for a gaming license for

two games at the Exchange Pool Hall on Fremont Street, the same having heretofore been approved

by Police and Fire Commissioner Matzdorf, whereupon, it was ordered, upon motion of Commissioner

Matzdorf, seconded by Commissioner Elwell that the Clerk be and she is hereby directed to issue

a gaming license for two games to J.L. McLaurine at the Exchange Pool Hall on Fremont Street.

Voting Commissioners Anderson, Matzdorf, and Elwell and His Honor the Mayor, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the application of R.H. Bay for a gaming license for two

games at the Arizona Club on First Street, the same having been theretofore approved by Police
and Fire Commissioner Matzdorf, whereupon, it was ordered upon motion of Commissioner Matzdorf,
seconded by Commissioner Elwell, that the Clerk be and she is hereby directed to issue a
gaming license for two games to R.H. Bay at the Arizona Club on First Street. Voting Commissioners
Anderson, Matzdorf, and Elwell and His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the application of Morgan, Stocker and Horden for a gaming
license for five games at the Vegas Bar oh Fremont Street, the same having been theretofore
approved by Police and Fire Commissioner Matzdorf, whereupon, it was ordered, upon motion of
Commissioner Matzdorf, seconded by Commissioner Elwell, that the Clerk be and she is hereby
directed to issue a gaming license for five games to Morgan, Stocker and Horden at the Vegas
Bar on Fremont Street. Voting Commissioners Matzdorf, Anderson and Elwell and His Honor the
Mayor, W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.