OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. June 3, 1927.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, held on the third day of June, 1927, at the hour of three o'clock p. m.
Present: Hon. J. F. Hesse, Mayor; Commissioners W. H. Elwell, W. B. Mundy and O. J. Smith, to-
gether with the City Attorney and Clerk. Absent: Commissioner C. J. Hammond.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

Upon motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Mundy, the following Preamble
and Resolution was duly adopted:

WHEREAS, no adequate provision is made by ordinance to prohibit the interference with the

fire apparatus going to or returning from fires, and the Fire Department is and has been in the

past seriously interfered with by persons not allowing right of way to the Fire apparatus, by

following too closely the fire apparatus and crowding too close thereto at fires, all tending to

injury to persons and property, thereby creating an emergency for protection from such acts,

NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that an emergency exists by reason of the premises for the

passage of Ordinance No. 125 as an emergency ordinance.



BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that said ordinance be passed and adopted on first reading as an
emergency ordinance, and that the same be published in the Las Vegas Age for one week, one issue.

The vote on said resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, Smith, Elwell and His Hon-
or the Mayor, Hesse voting Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon proposed ordinance No. 125, entitled "An Ordinance to amend Section 33 of Ordinance
No, 66 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled 'An Ordinance regulating Travel and Traffic upon the
Public Streets of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,' and repealing all ordinances and parts of or-
dinances in conflict therewith," was read for the first time and passed in accordance with the

foregoing resolution. Commissioners Mundy, Smith, Elwell and his Honor the Mayor, Hesse voting
Aye. Noes, none.

Proposed Ordinance No.____, entitled "An Ordinance prohibiting the construction or alteration

of any building or structure within certain limits of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, for in-
dustrial or commercial purposes, or both, without obtaining permission therefor from the Board
of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, and other matters relating thereto, and providing

a penalty for the violation of this Ordinance", was then read for the first time and laid over for



a second reading.

No further business appearing it was ordered upon motion duly made that this meeting adjourn
until Monday, the 6th day of June, 1927, at the hour of three o'clock p. m.