OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
June 4, 1923.

This being the time set by law for the newly elected Board of City Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, Nevada, to take office, and the members having previously.
qualified and taken the oath of office required by law, they thereupon assumed their respective-
offices as follows; Mayor, W.C. German and Commissioners Arnold, Shield, Adnerson and Elwell, together
with Florence S. Doherty, County Clerk of Clark County, and Ex-officio City Clerk of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada.

Thereupon the Board proceeded to organize, the meeting being opened by an address by
Mayor German, after which the following appointments were made: C.R. Shield was appointed .Police and
Fire Commissioner; Arthur R. Anderson was appointed Finance Commissioner; W.E. Arnold was appointed
Water ,Sewer and Light Commissioner, and W.H. Elwell was appointed Street Commissioner.

Thereupon the Board proceeded to the election of a Mayor Pro Tem. The name of W.H. Elwell
was placed in nomination by Commissioner Arnold. The name of W.E. Arnold was placed in nomination
by Commissioner Elwell. On motion of Commissioner Shield, seconded by Commissioner Anderson, the
nominations were declared closed. Voting, Commissioners Shield, Anderson, Elwell, Arnold and His
Honor the Mayor W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

The name of W.H. Elwell was then placed before the Board for consideration for the office
of Mayor Pro Tem. Voting on said name Commissioners Arnold and Anderson, Aye. Commissioners
Shield ,Elwell and His Honor the Mayor W.C. German, No. It appearing that Commissioner Elwell had
not received a majority of the votes cast, he was declared not elected.

The name of W.E. Arnold was then placed before the Board for consideration for the office
of Mayor Pro Tem. Voting on said name Commissioners Shield, Elwell, Anderson and His Honor the
Mayor W.C. German, Aye. Commissioner Arnold, No. Thereupon W.E. Arnold was declared elected to the 
office of Mayor Pro Tem of this Board.

On motion of Commissioner Elwell, seconded by Commissioner Arnold it was ordered that all
appointive offices be and they are hereby declared vacant. Voting Commissioners Shield, Elwell,
Arnold, and Anderson and His Honor the Mayor W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the Board took under the consideration the appointment of a Library Board. On
motion of Commissioner Elwell, seconded by Commissioner Arnold, the following were appointed mem-
bers of the Library Board; Mrs. Charles P. Squires, F.A. Stevens, and E.E. Smith. Voting on said
motion Commissioners Shield, Elwell, Arnold and Anderson, and His Honor the Mayor W.C. German, Aye.
Noes, none.

The Board then took under consideration the appointment of a Cemetery Board. On motion
of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Elwell, the following were appointed members of
the Cemetery Board, to-wit: Mesdames Helen J. Stewart, Julia P. Mundy and C.M. McGovern. Voting on
said motion Commissioners Shield, Elwell, Arnold, and Anderson and His Honor the Mayor W.C. German,

Aye. Noes, none.

The appointment of a member of the Fair Ground Board to represent the City of Las Vegas 
was next discussed by the Board, whereupon, on motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Com-
missioner Shield, it was ordered that E.W. Griffith be appointed on the Fair Ground Board to re-
present the City. Voting on said motion, Commissioners Shield, Elwell, Arnold and Anderson and
His Honor the Mayor W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the Mayor announced the appointment of Dr. C.E. Bulette as City Health Officer.

The appointment of a City Attorney next coming on for consideration, it was the order
of the Board, upon motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Shield, that F.A.

Stevens be appointed City Attorney at a salary of $100 per month, said appointment to take
effect upon the filing and approval of a good and sufficient bond in the sum of $1,000.00 and
upon his taking the oath of office required by law. Voting Commissioners Shield, Elwell, Arnold,

Anderson, and His Honor the Mayor W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.