of Secretary of Commerce Hoover, a member of the Cabinet of Pres-
ident Warren G. Harding, and his official representative on the
Colorado River Project, I hereby declare Saturday, the 18th day
of March, 1922, Las Vegas Boulder Canyon Dam Day, and respectfully
suggest that all ordinary business cease daring the afternoon of said
day that a proper reception may be given to such official re-
presentative.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, it was ordered,
upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Arnold, and duly carried that the
Board stand adjourned until the next regular meeting, to be held on the 5th day of April, 1922,
at the hoar of seven -thirty o'clock p.m. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, and His Honor the
Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE
CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

April 5,1922.

At a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
held on the 5th day of April, A.D, 1922, at the hour of seven o'clock p.m. Present Mayor Pro Tem
W.H. Dentner, with members Thomas R. Hodgens and W.E. Arnold, together with the City Attorney and

City Clerk.

Minutes of the last meeting were read and approved as read.

Reports of officers read, approved and ordered placed on file with the Clerk of this

Board.

All bills allowed as per claim book on file with the Clerk of this Board, excepting
the claim of the Standard Oil Company for the sum of $26.13 which was laid Over for further
investigation.

	Upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Arnold, and duly carried

 it was ordered that the sum of Two Hundred ($200.00) Dollars be transferred from the General

Fund to the Street Fund, and it was further ordered that the Clerk be and she is hereby directed
so to notify the City Treasurer. Voting Com. Hodgens, Arnold, and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.
The bond of Ray W. Gorton as Commissioner of the Fourth Class in the sum of One
Thousand ($1000.00) Dollars, with C.A. French and E.S. Sheppard as sureties thereon, having been
approved by W.J. Stewart, chairman of the Board of County Commissioners of Clark County, Nevada,
it was the motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Arnold that said bond be, and
the same is hereby approved. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem
Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon Ray W. Gorton took the oath of office as required by law and assumed his seat
as Commissioner of the Fourth Glass of the City of Las Vegas.

Thereupon His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem Dentner appointed Ray W. Gorton Water, Sewerage
and Light Commissioner of the City of Las Vegas.

At this time it appearing to the Board that this is the time set by notice for action
on the following resolution, and it further appearing to the Board that said Resolution has been
introduced at a regular meeting of this Board held on the 15th day of March, A.D. 1922; and that
subsequent to such meeting said Resolution was published in the Las Vegas Review, a weekly newspap-
er published in the City of Las Vegas, for two publications, one week apart; and it further appear-
ing that fifteen (15) Days have elapsed since the date of the first publication, thereupon it was
moved by Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Arnold that sold Resolution be and the
same is hereby adopted, and it was further ordered that the Clerk be and she is hereby directed
to forward a certified copy of said Resolution to the State Board of Revenue for approval.

Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, Gorton and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.