Thereupon the following Resolution was adopted by the Board upon motion of Commis-
sioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Elwell:

BE IT RESOLVED that the said Budget be signed in behalf of this Board by the Mayor
and attested by the City Clerk and the same be filed with the City Clerk and a copy thereof
published in a newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, for two publications, one
week apart. The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, Elwell, and Smith
and His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Aye. Noes, none.

The board then proceeded to take up the matter of the levy of taxes for the City of
Las Vegas for the year 1927. Upon motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Smith,
and unanimously carried, the following Resolution was adopted:

RESOLVED that an ad valorem tax of $.019 on each one hundred dollars worth of tax-
able property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied,
collected and paid for the year 1927, including the net proceeds if the mines, except such pro-
perty as is exempt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as the Police and Fire Fund.

RESOLVED that an ad valorem tax of $.159 on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable
property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied, collected and
paid for the year 1927, including the net proceeds on the mines, except such property as is ex-
empt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as the Salary Fund.

RESOLVED that an ad valorem tax of $.22 on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable
property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied, collected and
paid for the year 1927, including the net proceeds of the mines, except such property as is ex-
empt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as the Street and Alleys Fund.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that an ad valorem tax of $.145 on each one hundred dollars worth
of taxable property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied, col-
lected and paid for the year 1927, including the net proceeds of the mines, except such property
as is exempt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as the Light Fund.

BE	IT FURTHER RESOLVED	that an ad valorem tax of $.06 on each one hundred dollars worth

of taxable property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied, col-
lected and paid for the year 1927, including the net proceeds of the mines, except such property

as is exempt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as the Cemetery Fund.

BE	IT FURTHER RESOLVED that an ad valorem tax of $.075 on each one hundred dollars worth

of taxable property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied, col-
lected and paid for the year 1927, including the net proceeds of the mines, except such property

as is exempt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as the Publicity Fund.

BE	IT FURTHER RESOLVED that an ad valorem tax of $.089 on each one hundred dollars

worth of taxable property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied,
collected and paid for the year 1927, including the net proceeds of the mines, except such pro-
perty as is exempt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as the Emergency Loan Fund.