OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. October 7th, 1926.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark. County
Nevada, held on the 7th day of October, A.D. 1926, at the hour of three o'clock P.M. Present Hon.
J.F. Hesse, Mayor, with Commissioners O.J. Smith and W.H. Elwell, together with the City Attorney and
City Clerk, Commissioners C.J. Hammond and W.B. Mundy being absent.

The minutes of the previous meeting were read, and there being no omissions of corrections,
were approved as read.

Reports of officers were read, approved and ordered placed on file in the officer of the Clerk.

All claims allowed as per claim book on file in the office of the Clerk.

At this time Leo A. McNamee Esq., appeared before the Board and presented the following com-
munication:

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. September 8th, 1926.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 8th day of September, A.D. 1926, at the hour
of three o'clock P.M. Present His Honor the Mayor J.F. Hesse, with Commissioners W.B. 

Mundy, O.J. Smith and W.H. Elwell, together with the City Attorney and the City Clerk,
Commissioner C.J. Hammond being absent.

At this time on request of the Mayor, Mayor Pro Tem W.B. Mundy took the chair.

Thereupon the plat of the proposed Boulder addition to the City of Las Vegas was
presented to the Board for approval, whereupon, it was ordered, upon motion of Com-
missioner Elwell, seconded by Commissioner Smith, that said plat of Boulder Addition to
the City of Las Vegas be and the same is hereby accepted, and the Mayor Pro tem is here-
by ordered to approve the same, and his signature to be attest by the City Clerk ; it
was further ordered that the extension of Main Street as it now exists over said land
be vacated, provided however, that said vacation shall not be effective until a road
along Main Street of said Boulder Addition as designated on the said plat has been construc-
ted and placed in as good condition as the road that is hereby vacated. Voting on said
motion Commissioners Smith, Elwell and Mayor Pro Tem Mundy, Aye. Noes, none. Mayor J.F.

Hesse not voting.

Thereupon, there being no further business to come before the Board at this
time, it is ordered that the Board adjourn until the next regular meeting to be held
on Thursday, the 7th day of October, A.D. 1926, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.