There being no further business to cone before the Board at this time, it was ordered
upon motion duly made and carried that the Board adjourn until the next regular meeting
of said Board which shall be held on Tuesday, the 4th day of May, A.D. 1926, at the hour
of three o'clock P.M. Voting on said motion Commissioners Hammond, Smith, and His Honor
the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, Aye. Noes, none.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. May 4th, 1926.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, held on the 4th day of May, A.D. 1926, at the hour of three o'clock P.M. Present
Hon. J.F. Hesse, Mayor, with Commissioners W.B. Mundy, O.J. Smith and W.H. Elwell, together
with the City Attorney and City Clerk, Commissioner C.J. Hammond being absent.

Minutes of the previous adjourned meeting were read, and there being no omissions or
corrections were approved as read.

Reports of officers were read, approved and ordered placed on file.

All bills allowed as per claim book on file in the office of the Clerk. The claim

of the Consolidated Power and Telephone Co. for $404.50 was cut to $350.00.

At this time proposed Ordinance No. 116 of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, entitled,

"An Ordinance vacating a portion of Lewis Street in Clark's Las Vegas Townsite in the
City of Las Vegas for public school and high school purposes" was read for the second time
and passed on motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Mundy, on the fol-
lowing vote: Commissioners Smith, Mundy, Elwell and His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, Aye.

Noes, none.

At this time the City Attorney read for the second time a proposed Ordinance of the
City of Las Vegas, entitled, "An Ordinance to Amend Sec. 1 of Ordinance No. 112 of the City
of Las Vegas, entitled ' An Ordinance to License traveling shows, circuses, hippodromes,
menageries and carnivals in the City of Las Vegas, and repealing Ordinance 105 of the
City of Las Vegas, and all ordinances and parts of Ordinances in conflict therewith,"
and the same was ordered laid over for further investigation.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Elwell, the Licenses and

Fines for the month of April, 1926, were ordered distributed as follows:

Salary Fund	$225.00

Balance to be distributed as follows:

General Fund	50%

Police and Fire Fund	50%

Voting on said motion Commissioners Mundy, Elwell and Smith, and His Honor the Mayor,

J.F. Hesse, Aye. Noes. none.

There being no fur her business to come before the Board at this time, it was ordered
on motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Elwell, that the Board adjourn
until Thursday the 13th lay of May, A.D. 1926, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.