OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. June 6, 1927

At an adjourned regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 6th day of June, 1927, at the hour of three 
o'clock p. m. Present: Hon. J. F. Hesse, Mayor; Commissioners W. B. Mundy, W. C. German,
and Roy Neagle, together with the City Attorney and Clerk; Commissioner O. J. Smith being
absent.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

This being the first meeting of the newly elected Board, the Mayor declared all of-
fices vacant and ordered the appointment of officers to fill said vacated offices as the first
order of business.

Thereupon, as first order of business the mayor announced the following appointments
: Roy Neagle, Police and Fire Commissioner; W. B. Mundy, Finance Commissioner; W. C.

German, Water, Sewer and Light Commissioner; Otis J. Smith, Street Commissioner.

The Board then took under consideration the appointment of a Mayor pro tem. On
motion of Commissioner W. C. German, seconded by Commissioner Roy Neagle and with the un-
animous vote of all present, Commissioner Mundy was appointed mayor pro tem.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner German, all appointive
offices were declared vacant, said motion being passed on the unanimous vote of all present.

Thereupon, an order was made, on motion of Commissioner German, seconded by Commis-
sioner Neagle, appointing the following as members of the Las Vegas Public Library Board:

Mrs. Charles P. Squires, F. A. Stevens, and E. E. Smith, said motion being passed on the fol-
lowing vote: Commissioners Mundy, Neagle, German, Smith, and His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse,

Aye. Noes, none.

An order was then made, on motion of Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner
Neagle, appointing the following members of the Woodland Cemetery Board: Messdames Julia

P.	Mundy, C. M. McGovern and the remaining member to be appointed at a later date, said
motion being passed on the following vote: Commissioners Mundy, Neagle, German, Smith, and His
Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Aye. Noes, none.

The matter of the appointment of two one year term members of the County and City
Fair Ground Board was deferred until a later date.

Thereupon the Mayor announced the appointment of Forest R. Mildren, M.D. as City

Health Officer.

Thereupon, on motion of Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Neagle, it was
ordered that the salary of the City Attorney of the City of Las Vegas be fixed at the sum of
One Hundred Fifty ($150.00) Dollars per month. Voting on said motion, Commissioners Mundy,

Neagle, German, Smith, and His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the matter of the appointment of a city attorney coming on before the Board,
the Mayor suggested the name of F. A. Stevens, Esq., as city attorney, whereupon, it was ordered,
upon motion of Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Neagle, that F. A. Stevens be ap-
pointed City Attorney of the City of Las Vegas, said appointment to take effect upon the filing
and approval of a good and sufficient bond in the sum of $1000.00 and upon his taking the oath
of office required by law, at a salary of $150.00 per month. The vote on said motion was as
follows; Commissioners Mundy, Neagle, German, Smith, and His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Aye.

Noes, none.

The matter of the appointment of a Municipal Judge coming on before the Board, an order
was made, on motion of Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Neagle appointing C. D. Breeze
as municipal Judge at a salary of $50.00 per month, said appointment to take effect upon his filing
a good and sufficient bond in the sum of One Thousand Dollars, and upon his taking the oath of office
required by law. Voting on said motion; Commissioners Mundy, Neagle, German, Smith, and His Honor
the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Aye. Noes, none.