meeting thereof held on May 25,1922; it being understood that
the price to be paid is $1.00 per ft. with 2% off for cash;
and the Mayor Pro Tem and City Clerk are authorized to draw
warrant for the purchase price of said hose in favor of the
seller without further action of this Board, payable oat of
said above described funds, and at the direction of said
Police and Fire Commissioner.

Thereupon, motion being duly made by Commissioner Gorton, seconded by Commissioner Hodgens,
and duly carried, the following Preambles and Resolution were adopted:

WHEREAS, on April 5,1922 Reo Motor Car Company of Cal-
ifornia, Los Angeles, California, acting through F.S. & W.W.

Hirsch, 6th and Ceres Sts., Los Angeles, California offered to

sell this City a fire truck with fire equipment as set forth
specifically in its offer, for the sum of $5000.00 F.O.B. Las
Vegas, Nevada, with terms of payment to be settled between the
seller and purchaser,

NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Police and Fire
Commissioner of the City of Las Vegas, on behalf of this City
enter into a contract with said Reo Motor Car Company in the
form submitted to this Board, which is hereby approved and
 upon the following terms of payment: $3000.00 cash down upon
 delivery and acceptance of the fire truck and equipment; and
balance of $2000.00 to be payable at the rate of $100.00 or
more per month, in installments falling due on the 15th day of
each month following the delivery and acceptance of the Said
fire track, with interest on such deferred installment payments
in the decreasing amounts at the rate of 8% per annum, interest
payable monthly. That said $3000.00 cash payment be made oat
of the $3000.00 heretofore in this meeting authorized to be
borrowed from First State Bank of Las Vegas, Nevada, and warrant
to be drawn for payment of same without farther action of this
Board upon the delivery and acceptance of said fire truck and
equipment and upon the direction of the Police and Fire Com-
missioner. That said monthly installments and interest be pay-
able oat of the funds now or which may be from time to time
in the Police and Fire Fund, or from such other fund or funds
which may be provided by this Board from time to time. Pro-
vided, that each of said installments shall be made payable on
or before the due dates above mentioned.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold
and Gorton, and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem W.H, Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time, it was order upon motion of Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, seconded by Commissioner
Hodgens, and duly carried that the old chemical truck he advertised for sale for cash to the
highest bidder, the City of Las Vegas, through this Board, reserving the right to reject any and
all bids. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, and Gorton, and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem Dentner,
Aye. Noes, none.

The petition of E.W. Griffith for permission to build a balcony on the Second street side
of the Post Office building having been laid over for discussion, was brought up at this time.

On motion of Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, seconded by Commissioner Hodgens, and duly carried, this request
was denied. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold and Gorton and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem Dent-
ner, Aye, Noes, none.

At this time it was the order of the Board upon motion of Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, seconded
by Commissioner Hodgens, and duly carried, that the awning in front of the Nevada Market and
the J.T. Ullom Hardware store be taken down at once. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, and Gor-
ton and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk read a communication from the State Department of Highways stating
that two motor cycles had been reserved for the City of Las Vegas, as per recent request, whereupon
this letter was ordered placed on file for future reference.

Thereupon the Clerk read the following notice:

BEFORE THE PUBLIC SERVICE COMMISSION OF NEVADA.

CITY OF LAS VEGAS, )

COMPLAINANT, )

)

V.	)	CASE NO. C-823

S.W. CRANER,	)

DEFENDANT, )

................

NOTICE OF HEADING.

WHEREAS, protest has been filed by the City of Las
Vegas against S.W. Craner as the operator of a public utility
serving a portion of Las Vegas with water, and making various allegat-