precinct No. 5, on the 3rd day of day of May, 1927, for the election of a Mayor and four
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas; that the polls be opened at 8 o'clock a.m. and
close at 6 o'clock p.m., on said day; that Clara Wadsworth, Minnie Woodard, and Alice
Day inspectors and Harriet Hemphill and Delpline Squires, clerks, be and they are hereby
appointed as inspectors and clerks of election precinct No. 1; That Luetta Gill
Agnes Watters, Loulla B. Hansell, inspectors, and Emma N. Schuyler and Minerva Honford,
clerks, be and they are hereby appointed as inspectors and clerks of election precinct
No. 2; That Lucille Earl, Anna L. Peiffer, and Sarah W. Root, inspectors, and Minnie
Davison, Agnes Mott, clerks, be and they are hereby appointed as inspectors and clerks

of election of precinct No. 3; that Emily R. Ball, Ruth Cahlan, Ruby White, inspectors

and Julia P. Mundy, and Elizabeth Pembroke, clerks, be and they are hereby appointed as
inspectors and clerks of election precinct No. 4; and that Anna Knickerbocker, Eva W.

King, Zetta Weeks, inspectors, and Walter Reeder, Sr. , and Florence S Boyer, Clerks, be
and they are hereby appointed as inspectors and clerks of election precinct No. 5.

BE IT 	FURTHER RESOLVED	that no candidate, for office at said election shall be

entitled to have his name placed upon the official ballot unless such candidate, at least

ten days before the date of such election, file in the office of the City Clerk of the City
of Las Vegas Nevada, a certificate of nomination, in writing, containing the name of the
person nominated. Such certificate shall be signed and verified by the candidate seeking
nomination and shall show that the nominee therein possesses the qualifications as required

by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

AND BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that all provisions of the law relating to general el-
ections so far as the same shall be made applicable, and not inconsistent with the provisions
of the City Charter of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, shall be observed in conducting such
election.

AND BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the Mayor of the said City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
be and he is hereby authorized and directed to issue a proclamation giving notice of the
holding of said election. Such proclamation to contain the substance of this resolution and such
other matters necessary to fully and fairly appraise the qualified voters of the City of
Las Vegas Nevada, the date, time and places of holding such election, the purpose thereof,
the condition under which held, the names of the Inspectors, the method and manner of class-
ifying the commissioners on ballot and such other matters as may be deemed proper in the pre-
mises.

AND BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that such Proclamation be published in the Las Vegas
Age a newspaper printed and published in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of
Nevada for a period of at least four consecutive weeks, (four issues) prior to the date of
such election and printed copies of such proclamation be posted by the City Clerk of the City
of Las Vegas, Nevada, in fifteen public places in said City of Las Vegas, Nevada, for the
same period of time, three of such Proclamations to be posted in each of said voting precincts.

AND BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
be and he is hereby authorized and directed to notify the duly elected and acting registry
agent in and for the County of Clark, State of Nevada, to open Registration Books for the
registration of the voters of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, for said election at the time
and in the manner provided by the laws of the State of Nevada, governing the registration of
voters in incorporated cities. Registration Books shall be open March 14th, 1927.

AND BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that for the purposes of complying with the general
law of the State of Nevada governing elections and for the purpose of giving the qualified
voters of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, a full and fair opportunity of casting their ballots
at such election the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be and it is hereby divided into five (5)

voting election precincts described as follows to-wit.

Las Vegas Precinct No. 1, shall extend from the center line of Ogden