of the City of Las Vegas, on behalf of and in the name of said City of Las Vegas, acting by
and through its Board of City Commissioners, be and they are hereby authorized, empowered and
directed to execute, acknowledge and deliver, either jointly with the County of Clark, or by
separate instrument, a deed of conveyance releasing or conveying back to said Las Vegas Land
& Water Company all of the right, title and interest of said City of Las Vegas in and to the
following described land embraced in the above-mentioned deed of conveyance, as follows,
to-wit:

Commencing at a point 80 ft. N. 28 deg. 13" E. from the NE corner of Block 33 at its
intersection with Stewart and Fifth street as shown on May of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite, and

running thence N. 61 deg. 47' E. 447.2 ft; thence S. 61 deg. 47' 13". 1360 ft. to the place

of beginning, excepting and excluding therefrom .667 acres in conflict with Buck's addition
and comprising a net area of 31.510 acres exclusive of said conflict; said tract being situate

in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the conveyance by the City of Las Vegas be subject to the
approval of said Mayor, the City Clerk and City Attorney as to the form and validity of the
conveyance to be made by the County of Clark, and subject also to such conveyance being made
by the County of Clark.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the said Mayor and City Clerk, on behalf of the City of
Las Vegas, be also and they are hereby also authorized, empowered and directed to receive
and accept from Las Vegas Land & Water Company the deed herein provided to be given by said
Las Vegas Land & Water Company to the City of Las Vegas, the same to be approved as to the
form and validity thereof by the City Attorney.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution certified by the City Clerk
be furnished to the Board of County Commissioners of the County of Clark, and a copy thereof
furnished to said Las Vegas Land & Water Company.

The vote on said resolution was follows: Commissioners, Mundy, Hammond. Elwell, & Smith

and his honor the Mayor, voting Aye, Noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time it was ordered
on motion duly made and unanimously carried that the Board adjourn until the next
regular meeting on April 1, 1926, at the hour of three o'clock p.m.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

APRIL 1st, 1926.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark

County, Nevada, held on the 1st day of April, 1926, at the hour of three o'clock p.m. Present his

Honor the Mayor J.F. Hesse, with Commissioners W.B. Mundy, O.J. Smith and W.H. Elwell to-gether with

the City Attorney, F.A. Stevens Esq. and the City Clerk, Commissioner C.J. Hammond being absent.

Minutes of the previous regular and adjourned meetings were read, and there being no

omissions or corrections were approved as read.

Reports of officers were read approved and ordered placed on file.

All claims allowed as per claim book on file in the office of the Clerk.

The Clerk presented the following petition:

His Honor, the Mayor and Members of
the Board of City Commissioners of
Las Vegas, Nevada.

Gentlemen:

The Undersigned, residents and property-owners of Block Two (2) in Hawkin's
addition, respectfully petition your Honorable Board to extend the sewer line in said

block so as to take in all of said block up to and including the south side of Odgen
Street in said block, between Fifth and Sixth streets in said Hawkin's addition of