appearing to the Board that the same is a good and sufficient bond, and it further appearing that
Leo A. Crowley has taken the oath of office as required by law, it is hereby ordered that said bond
be and the same is hereby approved, and the said Leo A. Crowley is declared qualified to assume the
 duties of the office of City Marshall as aforesaid. Voting Commissioners Shield, Elwell, Arnold,
and Anderson, mayor German, Aye. Noes, none.

MIt was the order of the Board, on motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner
Elwell, that the Clerk be and she is hereby directed to divide the city printing evenly between
the two local newspapers. Voting, Commissioners Shield, Elwell, Arnold, and Anderson, and His
Honor the Mayor W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time Health Officer Dr. C.E. Bulette appeared before the Board and spoke briefly
upon health conditions in the City of Las Vegas.

There being no farther business to come before the Board at this time, it was ordered
upon motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Shield, that the Board adjourn until
Tuesday, June 5th, 1923, at the hour of 7:30 o'clock P.M. when it shall meet to discuss the est-
imates of the State Highway Department on the construction of the proposed Federal Aid Highway
through the City of Las Vegas, and such other business as may come before the Board at that time.
Voting Commissioners Shield, Arnold, Anderson and Biwell, and His Honor the Mayor W.C. German, Aye. 
Noes, none.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

June, 5th, 1923.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nev-
ada, held on the 5th day of June, 1923, at the hoar of seven-thirty o'clock P.M. Present Hon.

W.C. German, Mayor, with Commissioners W.E. Arnold, C.R. Shield, Arthur R. Anderson, and W.H. Elwell,
together with the City Attorney and City Clerk.

At this time the Clerk presented the resignation of Chas. A. Gibbs as Plumbing Inspector,
and it was ordered, on motion of Commissioner Arnold, seconded by Commissioner Elwell that said
resignation be and the same is hereby accepted. Voting Commissioners Anderson, Shield, Arnold,
and Elwell, and Mayor German, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the question of appointing a Plumbing Inspector to succeed Chas. A. Gibbs resigned

coming on before the Board; the name of L.L. French was placed in nomination by Commissioner Arnold,
seconded by Commissioner Elwell.

Thereupon it was moved by Commissioner Shield, and seconded by Commissioner Elwell that
nominations be closed. Voting on said motion Commissioners Anderson, Shield, Atwell and Arnold, and
His Honor the Mayor W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the name of L.L. French was placed before the Board for appointment to the
position of Plumbing Inspector, said appointment to be effective upon the filing and approval
of a good and sufficient bond in the sum of $1,000.00 , and upon his taking the oath of office
required by law, and under the same arrangement regarding fees as heretofore existed. Voting Com-
missioners Anderson, Shield, Arnold and Elwell, and His Honor the Mayor W.C. German, Aye .Noes, none.

At this time W.R. Burns appeared before the Board with a request for a donation from
the City to the American Legion, and after due discussion it was ordered, on motion of Commissioner

seconded by Commissioner Elwell, that the matter be taken under consideration until the 