ed by Commissioner Matzdorf;

RESOLVED that licenses and fines collected in the City of Las Vegas during the year
1925 be divided as follows, to-wit: General Fund, 50%; Police and Fire Fund, 50%. Voting on
said Resolution Commissioners Matzdorf, Elwell, and Anderson and His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German,
Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon, there being no further business to come before the Board at this time, it
was ordered, upon motion duly made and carried, that the Board adjourn until Wednesday, the
25th day of February, A.D. 1925, at the hour of three-thirty o'clock P.M., when it shall
again convene to consider such matters as may be brought before it at that time. Voting on
said motion Commissioners Matzdorf, Elwell and Anderson and His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German,
Aye. Noes, none.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS
VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

February 25th, 1925.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, held on the 25th day of February, A.D. 1925, at the hour of three-thirty
o'clock P.M. Present His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, with Commissioners A.R. Anderson, W.H.

Elwell and F.E. Matzdorf, together with the City Attorney F.A. Stevens, and the City Clark.

At this time the Clerk read for the first time proposed ordinance No. 110 of the City of
Las Vegas, the same being an amendment to Ordinance No. 107, and the same was ordered passed
to the second reading on motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Elwell.

Voting Commissioners Anderson, Elwell, Matzdorf and His Honor the Mayor, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time the Board proceeded with the proposed private sale of Four Thousand
($4,000.00) Dollars Las Vegas Highway bonds, this being the amount required to take care of
unforseen additional work on the improvement of Main and Fremont Streets under Federal Aid, said
proposed sale having been decided upon at a regular meeting of the Board held on the 3rd day
of February, A.D 1925.

The Clerk presented the following telegrams, sent by herself to the State Finance Commission
and received from said Commission:

Las Vegas, Nevada.

February 4,1925.

Ed. Malley, State Treasurer,

Carson City, Nevada.

Will State purchase additional four thousand Las
Vegas Highway bonds at same price stop Unforseen
additional work on Federal Aid Highway through City
require more funds than contract originally stip-
ulated stop please wire our expense.

Florence S. Doherty,

City Clerk.

Carson City ,Nev.

Feb. 4, 1925.

Florence S. Doherty, City Clerk,

Las Vegas, Nevada.

We will purchase bonds as per telegram
received stop. Advise when ready and we will
forward money.

Ed. Malley, State Treasurer.

Thereupon, after due consideration, the following Resolution was adopted, on motion of
Commissioner Elwell, seconded by Commissioner Matzdorf: