meeting held on the 29th day of March, 1926.

Dated this 29th day of March, 1926.

_________Geo. M. Southward_______________

Secretary of the state Board of Finance.

(SEAL)

Thereupon, it appearing to the Board that the Resolution heretofore adopted at a
regular adjourned meeting of this Board held on the 22nd day of March, A.D, 1926, author-
izing the Mayor and the City Clerk to make a temporary emergency loan of Twenty-four
Hundred Dollars in behalf of the said City of Las Vegas, as is more fully set forth
in said Resolution as recorded in the minutes of said meeting held on the 22nd day
of March, A.D 1926 , has been duly and legally approved by the State Board of Finance
of the State of Nevada, as above set forth, the following Resolution was adopted upon
motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Elwell, and unanimously carried:
Resolved that the Mayor and the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas be and they
are hereby directed to make an emergency loan of Twenty Four Hundred Dollars, in be-
half of the City of Las Vegas, for a period of two and one half years, with interest at
six per cent, as is more fully set forth in the Resolution heretofore referred to and
adopted by this Board on the 22nd day of March, 1926, and it appears further to the Board that
the First State Bank of Las Vegas, Nevada, has signified its willingness to make an
Emergency Loan, in accordance with said Resolution. Therefore, Be It Further RESOLVED that
the Mayor and City Clerk of the C.ity of Las Vegas be and they are hereby authorized and
directed to make and execute on behalf of the said City of Las Vegas, the good and
sufficient and binding note of said City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, for the sum
of $2400.00, with interest thereon from the date thereof until paid at the rate of six per
cent per annum, payable to First State Bank of Las Vegas, Nevada Inc., or order, on or
before two and one half years from the date thereof.

The same to be dated April 20, 1926 and to have the seal of said City affixed and
the same to have such other provisions therein relative to the payment of attorneys
fees in case of default of interest semi-annually, etc. as are usually contained in notes
given to said Bank, and shall also contain the provisions that the faith and credit of the
said City of Las Vegas, are hereby pledged for the full payment thereof, with the interest
within the time specified.

And said note shall be delivered to said First State Bank as evidence of the said loan,
so authorized as aforesaid. The vote on said resolution was as follows: Commissioners,
Mundy, and Elwell and his Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Aye, Noes, None.

The City Attorney then read for the first time a proposed Ordinance of the City of
Las Vegas, entitled: "An Ordinance to Amend Sec. 1 of Ordinance No. 112 of the City of Las
Vegas, entitled "An Ordinance to License traveling shows, circuses, hippodromes, menageries
and carnivals in the City of Las Vegas, and repealing Ordinance 105 of the City of Las
Vegas, and all Ordinances and parts of Ordinances inconflict therewith' ", and the same
was passed to the second reading on motion duly made and seconded and unanimously carried.

At this time the Board discussed the matter of extending the sewer system into certain
blocks in Hawkins subdivision, and after considerable discussion the matter was continued
 for further consideration.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, it was ordered,
upon motion duly made and carried, that the Board adjourn until the 21st day of

April, A.D. 1926, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.