At this time the following citizens of Las Vegas appeared before the Board: H. Blanding,

W. S, Rhoads, J. F. Miller, Joseph Smith, Cora C. Bray Jeshke, Mr. and Mrs. Heffner, and entered
into discussion with the Board in regard to the adoption of said resolution. Thereafter, it was
agreed between the above named citizens and the Board, that further action on said resolution
and motion be deferred until Tuesday, April 26th, 1927, at the hour of 3 p. m.

Thereupon, the claim of the Las Vegas Land and Water Company in the amount of $1070.44 for
installation of water mains and fire hydrants, and repairs to City water system was presented by
the Clerk and ordered paid, upon motion duly made, seconded and carried.

No further business appearing it was ordered upon motion duly made, seconded and carried
that this Board adjourn until April 26, 1927, at the hour of 3 p. m.

		OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

		CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA, April 26, 1927.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, held on the 26th day of April, 1927, at the hour of three o'clock p. m.
Present: His Honor the. Mayor, J. F. Hesse; Commissioners W. B. Mundy, C. J. Hammond and O. J.
Smith, together with the City Attorney and Clerk. Absent: Commissioner W. H. Elwell.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

At this time the Board entered into full discussion of the proposed resolution presented at
the meeting of April 21st, 1827, with a number of citizens who were interested in said resolution
and it was agreed that action in connection with said resolution should be indefinitely postponed.

Thereupon, proposed Ordinance No._____, entitled "An Ordinance creating a City Planning Com-

mission, prescribing their powers and duties, and other matters relating thereto" was read for
the first time.

Thereupon, proposed Ordinance No.____, entitled "An Ordinance providing for the appointment

of a City Zoning Commission, prescribing the term of office of its members, providing for the



organization of said Commission, prescribing the duties of such Zoning Commission, and other
matters relating thereto" was read for the first time.

No further business appearing it was ordered that this Board adjourn until the 30th of April,
1927, at the hour of three o'clock p.m.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. April 30, 1927.



At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, held on the 30th day of April, 1927, at the hour of three o'clock p. m.

Present: His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse; Commissioners W. B. Mundy and O. J. Smith, together
with the City Attorney and Clerk. Absent: Commissioners C. J. Hammond and W. E. Elwell.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

This being the time set for hearing of suggestions and protests in connection with the pro-
posed sidewalk improvement on the East side of South Fourth Street, the Board proceeded to listen
to any suggestions or protests which might have been filed. There being no suggestions or protests
previously filed and nobody appearing to make suggestion or protest it was ordered that proposed
Ordinance No. 122 entitled " An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas, providing for the Improvement
of Fourth Street by constructing cement and concrete sidewalk in front of Blocks Nos. 39 and 40
of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite, and providing for the payment thereof by special assessment." was
read for the first time.

No further business appearing the Board adjourned.