OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. MARCH 4, 1927.



At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Nevada, held on the fourth day March, A.D. 1927, at the hour of three o'clock P.M. Present: Hon.

J.F. Hesse, Mayor, with Commissioners W.B. Mundy, O.J. Smith, W.H. Elwell, the City Attorney and

the City Clerk; Commissioner C.J. Hammond being absent.

	

Thereupon on motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Com. Elwell, the budget as pre-
sented by the Clerk was approved and ordered filed in the various offices as required by
law. Voting on said motion: Commissioners Mundy, Smith, Elwell, and His Honor the Mayor,
J.F. Hesse, Aye. Noes, none.

this time proposed Ordinance No. 124, entitled an Ordinance to amend, revise and
re-enact Section 22 of Ordinance No. 66, of the City of Las Vegas" was read for the First
time and laid over for second reading.

No further business appearing it was ordered on motion of Commissioner Elwell,
seconded by Commissioner Smith, same being unanimously carried that this board adjourn
until Wednesday, March 9,1927, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. MARCH 3,1927.

At a regular meeting of the Board of the City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada, held on the third day of March, A.D. 1927, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.
Present: Hon. J.F. Hesse, Mayor, with Commissioners W.B. Mundy, O.J. Smith, W.H. Elwell, together
with the City Attorney and the City Clerk. Commissioner C.J. Hammond being absent.

Minutes of the previous regular and adjourned meetings were read, and there being
no omissions or corrections were approved as read.

Reports of officers were read, approved and ordered placed on file.

All claims were allowed as per claim book in the office of the Clerk.

It appearing to the Board that this is the time for considering the election

to be held for the purpose of electing two Commissioners and a city clerk of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada, it was the order of the Board, on motion of Commissioner  , and
seconded by Commissioner that the following Resolution be spread upon the min-

utes of the Board:

WHEREAS under the provisions of section 3 of the Charter of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, as amended by the Legislature of the State of Nevada in the year 1927,
a general election shall be held on the first Tuesday after the first Monday, every odd
numbered year dating from the first Tuesday after the first Monday in May, 1913, and it ap-
pearing therefrom that a general election for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, shall be held on
the first Tuesday after the first Monday in May, 1929, and the matter coming up regularly to
be heard and arrangements made therefor, and motion duly made and carried, the following
Resolution was adopted, to-wit:

Resolved that a general election be and the same is hereby ordered to be held
at the City Fire House situated on lot 23 in block 15 of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite, for
voting precinct No. 1; at the building known as the Public Library Building situated on
block 20 of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite, for voting precinct No. 2; At the garage of the
Clark Forwarding Company situated on the rear of lot 26, block 7 of Clark's Las Vegas
Townsite, for voting precinct No. 3; at the Latter Day Saints Church on sixth street
between Fremont and Bridger in Hawkins Addition to Las Vegas, for voting precinct No. 4;

and at the Administration Building of the City and County Fair Grounds for voting precinct