Thereupon the Clerk also read for the first time the draft of proposed Ordinance No. 103 as

proposed by Mayor German.	Thereupon was ordered upon motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded

by Commissioner Shield that the draft of said proposed Ordinance no. 103 as drawn by the City Attorney



be amended by striking out section 2 and section 6a which contains the closing restrictions,
and by striking from sec. 6b, between lines 16 and 17 the words "or other obstruction," and by
striking from the title the word "two" and substituting the word "a", and striking cut the suffix "s"
from the sord Sections--all between lines land 2 and also to strike out the words "6a and" and the
word "respectively" between lines 2 and 3. Voting on said motion Commissioners Anderson Shield
and Elwell, Aye. His Honor the Mayor W. C. German, No.

On motion of Commissioner Shield seconded by commissioner Andersen it was ordered that said d
draft of proposed ordinance No. 103, drawn by the City Attorney be passed as amended to the second
reading. Voting Commissioners Anderson, Shield, Elwell and His Honor the Mayor, W. C. German, Aye.
Noes, none.

Thereupon it was ordered on motion of Commissioner Anderson, Seconded by Commissioner Shield
that the Board adjourn until the Next regular meeting to be held Tuesday, the 4th day of December,

A. D. 1923, at the hour of seven thirty o'clock p. m.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK

CITY OF LAS VEGAS, Clark County, Nevada.

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA, DEC. 4, 1923.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, held on the 4th day of December, A. D. 1923, at the hour of seven-thirty O'clock
p. m. Present His Honor the Mayor, W. C. German, with Commissioners A. R. Anderson, and W. H.
Elwell, together with the city Attorney and city clerk, Commissioner C. A. Shield being absent.

Minutes of the previous meeting were read, and there appearing to be no omissions or cor-
rections, it was ordered that they be approved as read.

Reports of officers were read and ordered placed on file in the office of the Clerk.

All claims allowed as per claim book on file in the office of the clerk, excepting that the

claim of Edwin T. West in the sum of $5.00; the claim of Ed. Von Tobel in the sum of $9.70, and the

claim of Ed W. Clark Fwd. Co in the sum of $4.00 were ordered held up for further investigation.

Thereupon the clerk read for the first time proposed ordinance No. 104 of the City of Las
Vegas, the same having been submitted as an emergency ordinance, entitled "An ordinance creating
a Board of Park Trustees, providing for the appointment of members thereof, defining their powers
and duties and other matters relating thereto."

Thereupon it was the resolution the Board, upon motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded
by Commissioner Elwell, that an emergency exists and the enactment of the above entitled ordinance
is necessary by reason of such emergency. Voting on said resolution Commissioners Anderson and
Elwell and His Honor the Mayor, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon it was the order of the Board that the above entitled ordinance be and the same is
hereby passed as an emergency ordinance. Voting Commissioner Anderson and Elwell, and His Honor
the Mayor, Aye. Noes, None.

At this time the Clerk read for the second time proposed ordinance No. 103 of the City of
Las Vegas, as drawn up by the City Attorney, entitled. "

"An ordinance to amend Section six (6) of Ordinance to prohibit gaming in the City of Las
Vegas, without first obtaining a license therefor, regulating the same, fixing the amount of such
license, providing a penalty therefor, and repealing all Ordinances in conflict therewith, and to
amend said ordinance No. 77 by adding a new section 6a, and to repeal all Ordinances and parts of