OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

Las Vegas, Nevada. September 4th, 1923.



At a regular meeting of the Board of  City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Nevada, held on the 4th day of September, A.D. 1923, at the hour of seven-thirty o'clock
P.M. Present Hon. W.C. German, Mayor with Commissioners A.R. Anderson, C.R. Shield and W.H. Elwell,
together with the City Attorney and City Clerk.

Minutes of the last meeting were read and approved as read.

Reports of officers were read, approved and ordered placed on file in the office of
the Clerk of this Board.

All claims allowed as per claim book on file with the Clerk of this Board excepting
the Claim of the Nevada Garage in the sum of $41.16 which was laid over for further
consideration it being the opinion of this Board that this is not a proper charge
against the City.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, it was ordered
upon motion duly made and carried, that the Board adjourn until Tuesday the 18th day
of September, A.D. 1923, at the hour of seven-thirty o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS
VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

Las Vegas, Nevada. September 18th, 1923.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, Nevada, held on the 18th day of September A.D. 1923, at the hour of seven-
thirty o'clock P.M. Present Hon. W.C. German, Mayor, with Commissioners A.R. Anderson,
and W.H. Elwell, together with the City Clerk and City Attorney. Commissioner C.R.
Shield was absent.

All bills allowed as per claim book on file with the Clerk of this Board.

It appearing to the Board that one of the members of the Board, W.E. Arnold,

has died, it was ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Elwell, seconded by Commissioner

Anderson, that the following Resolution be entered upon the minutes of the Board:

WHEREAS, and All Wise Providence has seen fit to call from earthly activities
one of our members, W.E. Arnold, sad

WHEREAS, through the passing of our brother commissioner this Board loses
a sincere and faithful worker; the City of Las Vegas a loyal servant,
and his family a kind and affectionate husband and father,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that we the Board of City Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in regular adjourned meeting assembled 