OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

November 15th, 1928.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 15th day of November, 1928, at the hour of three
o'clock, P.M.

PRESENT: His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Commissioners O. J. Smith and Roy Neagle,
together with the City Attorney and Clerk.

ABSENT: Commissioners W. B. Mundy and W. C. German.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor, and immediately recessed, upon motion duly made,
seconded and unanimously carried, to the 16th day of November, 1928, at the hour of three
o'clock, P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

November 16th, 1928.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, held on the 16th day of November, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock, P.M.

PRESENT: His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Commissioners, O. J. Smith, W. B. Mundy and
Roy Neagle, together with the City Attorney and Clerk and County Assessor.

ABSENT: Commissioner W. C. German.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

Upon motion, duly made, seconded and carried, the following Preambles and Resolution were
duly adopted:

Whereas, First State Bank of Las Vegas, Nevada, Incorporated, whose bid for the twelve
thousand dollars Las Vegas Special 1928 Pavement and Curb Improvement Bonds, Series A, was
accepted by this Board at its meeting held on the 17th day of October, 1928, and said Bank
has approved the legality of the proceedings heretofore taken in and about the authorization
for the issue and sale of said bonds and is willing to accept and pay for said bonds in
accordance with its said bid upon the condition that a Redemption Fund be established and
provided for the payment and retirement of said bonds, and interest on said bonds,

NOW THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, that the proceeds of the taxes levied or to be levied
under the terms and conditions of Section 4 of Ordinance No. 132 of the City of Las Vegas,
entitled "An Ordinance authorizing the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada to borrow Twelve Thousand Dollars ($12,000.00), to provide funds for the
purpose of defraying that portion of the expenses determined by said Board of Commissioners to
be stood and borne by the City of Las Vegas for the grading for and construction of oil bound
gravel pavements and hydraulic cement concrete curbs upon interior squares or spaces formed
by the intersection of streets and spaces opposite alleys and where lands belonging to said
City, or public grounds not taxable, abut on such improvements, in connection with those
certain improvements authorized and determined to be made under the provisions of Ordinance No. 131
of the City of Las Vegas; to issue and sell the bonds of the City of Las Vegas therefor, said
bonds to be known as "Las Vegas Special 1928 Pavement and Curb Street Improvement Bonds, Series A",
and providing for the payment of the principal and interest of said bonds, and other matters
relating thereto, " shall be kept by the City Treasurer in a special fund to be known as the
"Las Vegas Special 1928 Pavement and Curb Improvement, Series A, Bond Redemption Fund" and that
the funds deposited therein shall be used only for the payment of interest on said bonds, as
the same becomes due and payable, and in the payment of the principal of and retirement of said
Bonds as they respectively become due and payable under the terms of said Ordinance No. 132.

The vote on said resolution was as follows: Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B. Mundy and
Roy Neagle and his Honor the Mayor J. F. Hesse, voting Aye. Noes, None.

Francis C. DeVinney, Ex-Officio City Assessor presented to the Board, Assessment Roll
prepared under the provisions of Ordinance No. 133 of the City of Las Vegas. Upon motion
duly made, seconded, carried the following Preamble and Resolution was duly adopted:

WHEREAS Francis C. De Vinney, Ex-Officio City Assessor has presented to this Board an
Assessment Roll prepared under the provisions of Ordinance No. 133 of the City of Las Vegas,