OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. April 7, 1928

At an adjourned regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Clark County, Nevada, held on the 7th day of April, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock P. M.

Present: His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse; Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B. Mundy, and W. C. Ger-



man, together with the City Attorney and Clerk. Absent: Commissioner Roy Neagle.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

At this time the Board was engaged in the discussion of purchasing and establishing a municipal 
air port.

No further business appearing it was ordered upon motion duly made, seconded and carried that
this meeting adjourn until the ninth day of April, 1928, at the hour of 7:30 o'clock P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. April 9, 1928.

At an adjourned regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, held on the ninth day of April, 1928, at the hour of seven thirty P.M.
Present: Hon. J. F. Hesse, Mayor; Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B. Lundy, and W. C. German, 

together with the City Attorney and Clerk. Absent: Commissioner Roy Neagle.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

At this time the Board was engaged in discussion of certain phases relative to the building
of a new tourist hotel in this City.

No further business appearing, it was ordered upon motion duly made, seconded and carried that
this meeting adjourn until April 14, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. April 14, 1928

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Clark County, Nevada, held on the 14th day of April, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock P. M.

Present: His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse; Commissioners O. J. SMITH, W. B. Mundy and W. C. German,
together with the City Attorney and Clerk. Absent: Commissioner Roy Neagle.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

Upon motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Smith, the following draft of an

ordinance was read for the first time and laid over for a second reading. Motion carried on the following vote: Commissioners  

Smith, Mundy and German, and His honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes, None. Said Ordinance being entitled as follows:

An ordinance to amend Section 1 of Ordinance No. 27 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled "An

Ordinance fixing the fire limits of the City of Las Vegas, regulating building construction and

the keeping and storage of combustibles and explosives."	

"An Ordinance to amend, revise and re-enact Section 21b of Ordinance No. 66 of the City of Las Vegas entitled
A proposed Ordinance entitled: "An Ordinance regulating travel and traffic upon the

public streets of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada," was read to the Board for the first time, and,

upon motion made, duly seconded and carried it was laid over for a second reading.

The report of J. L. Finhey was presented, he being engaged to audit the City books, and

read by the Clerk and laid over for further consideration.

No further business appearing it was ordered upon motion duly made, seconded and carried, that the