sidered as my application to fill the vacancy existing in your
Board of City Commissioners, to-wit: Sewer and Light Commissioner.

Respectfully yours,

W.R. Burns.

Las Vegas, Nevada.

December 15,1922.

Honorable Board of City Commissioners,

Of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Gentlemen:

I respectfully make application for appointment
to the vacancy of Commissioner of the Fourth Class of the
Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
subject to the discretion of the Board.

Yours respectfully,

H.J. Woodard.

Honorable Mayor, and
Board of City Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas.

Las Vegas, Nevada.

Gentlemen:

Pursuant to your announcement in the last edition
of the Las Vegas papers, we the undersigned respectfully submit the name
of Mr. Harry Blanding for your consideration in filling the va-
cancy on your honorable Board; he is a business man ,well and fav-
orably known in this City and if appointed he will have the full
confidence of all who know him, and prove a valuable addition to
the membership of your honorable board.

Most respectfully submitted.

Leslie R. Saunders	W.R. Burns

Conklin Bros. by	H.D.B.	A.A. Hinman

Carl D. Farrar, White Cross Drug Go.	A.W. Ham

C.P. Ball	Leo A. McNamee

O.K. Adcock	E.H. Hunting

M.E. Ward	C.C. Ronnow

Will Beckley	C.E. Pembroke

Elbert Howard	Dr. Roy W. Martin

C.P. Squires	Walter R. Bracken

O.C. Boggs	W.H. Pike

W.E. Ferron	E.E. Smith

A.R. Anderson	E.W. Griffith

W.S. Park	I.C. Johnson

J.H. Lightfoot

After general discussion of the application submitted the Mayor Pro Tem announced that
nominations were in order ,whereupon W.E. Arnold placed in nomination the name of Harry
Blanding, the same being seconded by Commissioner Hodgens.

Thereupon it was the motion of Commissioner Arnold, seconded by Commissioner Hodgens that
nominations be closed. Voting on said motion Commissioners Arnold and Hodgens, and Mayor
Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the name of Harry Blanding was submitted to vote as Commissioner of the Fourth
Class of the City of Las Vegas, the vote being as follows: Commissioners Arnold, and Hodgens,
and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the bond of Harry Blanding as Commissioner of the Fourth Class of the City
of Las Vegas was presented, said bond being in the sum of One thousand Dollars, with W.E. Ferron
and Roy W. Martin as sureties thereon, the same having been heretofore approved by W.J. Stewart,
Chairman of the Board of County Commissioners of Clark County, Nevada. It was the order of the
Board that said bond be approved, upon motion of Commissioner Arnold, seconded by Commissioner
Hodgens, the same appearing to be a good and sufficient bond. Voting on said motion Commissioners
Arnold, Hodgens, and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye, Noes, none.

Thereupon Harry Blanding took the oath of office as Commissioner of the Fourth Class
of the City of Las Vegas, and assumed his seat.

It was the order of the Mayor that Commissioner Blanding serve as Water, Sewer and Light
Commissioner of the City of Las Vegas.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, it was the order
og the Board upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Arnold, that the
Board adjourn until Wednesday , the third day of January, A.D. 1923, at the hour of three o'clock
p.m. Voting on said motion Commissioners Arnold, Blanding and Hodgens, and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner
Aye. Noes, none.