"City of Las Vegas, Emergency Tax Fund", to be levied
by this City at the first tax levy following the cre-
ation of such indebtedness, as by law provided."



Action on this Resolution was deferred until a regular adjourned meeting of the Board
to be held on Monday the 29th day of June, 1925, at the hour of three o'clock P.M., and
the Clerk was directed to have Notice of said contemplated action published for two issues
in the Las Vegas Review a weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

Thereupon there being no further business to come before the Board at this time,
it was ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Elwell that ad-
journment be had until Friday, the 12th day of June, A.D. 1925, at the hour of three o'clock
P.M. The vote on said motion was unanimous.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. June 12th, 1925.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the city of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 12th day of June, A.D, 1925, at the hour of three o'-
clock P.M. Present Mayor Pro Tern W.B. Mundy with Commissioners C.J. Hammond, O.J. Smith and
W.H. Elwell, together with the City Attorney and City Clerk, the Mayor J.F. Hesse being
absent.

The members of the Board of County Commissioners of Clark County, Nevada, met with
the city Board and matters of interest to both boards were thoroughly discussed, among these
subjects being a county and city poor farm and city and county roads.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, it was ordered,
upon motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Hammond, and unanimously carried
that the Board adjourn until Monday the 29th day of June, A.D. 1925, at the hour of three
o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JUNE 29th, 1925.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 29th day of June, A.D. 1925, at the hour of three
o'clock p.m. Present His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, with Commissioners, C. J. Hammond, O.J.
Smith, W. B. Mundy and W. H. Elwell, the City Attorney and City Clerk.

Among other proceedings the following were had:

At this time it appearing to the Board that this is the time set by notice for action
on the following Resolution, and it further appearing to the Board that said Resolution had
been introduced at a regular adjourned meeting of this Board held on the 11th day of June, A.D. 1925
and that subsequent to such meeting said Resolution was published in the Las Vegas Review a
weekly newspaper, published in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada for two publications
one week apart, to-wit; June 12th and June 19th, 1925; and it further appearing that fifteen (15)
days have elapsed since the date of the first publication, it was thereupon moved by Commissioner
Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Elwell that said resolution be and the same is hereby adopted