OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY,
Nevada. September 2nd, 1926,

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, held on the 2nd day of September, 1926, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.
Present Hon. J.F. Hesse, Mayor with members W.B. Mundy, C.J. Hammond, O.J. Smith, and W.H. Elwell,
together with the City Attorney, F.A. Stevens, and the City Clerk.

Minutes of the last regular meeting were read, and there being no omissions or correc-
tions were approved as read.

Reports of officers were read, approved and ordered placed on file.

All bills allowed as per claim book on file in the office of the Clerk of the Board.

At this time A.S. Henderson, Esq., appeared before the Board and requested that the
franchise heretofore granted to Lauritzen and Peabody for the laying and maintaining of
gas mains, etc., be transferred to the Clark County Gas Company, Mr. Henderson's oral request
be accompanied by the following in writing:

Whereas, on the 5th day of August, 1926, by Ordinance No. 119
a franchise was granted C.O. Lauritzen and George P. Peabody
permitting them to install, lay down and maintain gas mains
and distributing pipes and all necessary and proper appli-
ances used for the purpose of, and in connection with the
supplying of gas to the inhabitants of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada: and

Whereas in said franchise it is provided that the said
franchise could be by said Lauritzen and Peabody assigned
on the written consent of the Board of City Commissioners
of said City; and said franchise having been on the 15th
day of August, 1926, accepted by said Lauritzen and Pea-
body;

Now therefore, we, the undersigned, owners of said franchise,
in compliance with said proviso hereby request permission
of your Honorable body to assign said franchise to the
Clark County Gas Company, a corporation organized and ex-
isting under and by virtue of the laws of the State of
Nevada.

Dated at Las Vegas, Nevada, this 2nd day of September,

1926.

C.O. Lauritzen

George P. Peabody

by C.O. Lauritzen.

Thereupon, it was ordered, on motion of Commissioner Hammond, seconded by Commissioner
Mundy that the above mentioned franchise be and the same is hereby assigned to the Clark
County Gas Company. Voting on said motion, Commissioners Mundy, Hammond, Smith, Elwell and
His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the following petition:

August 23,1926.

To The Honorable Mayor and City Commissioners,

Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada.

Dear Sirs:

We, the undersigned, citizens of this City
do positively object to any change of direction or
location of the section of Main Street between Garces
Street and Charleston Blvd.

his road has been in use a great number of years
and is of great value to the City. We trust your body
will comply with this request without further urging.

(Signed) H. Blanding

James L. Filby
Earl W. Higgins
P.D. Rabb

H.N. Anderson
Gilbert Hefner
Geo. L. Ullom

Said Petition was ordered placed on file. 