Aye, Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the application of G. Lopez for a gaming license (2 games) at
the building in the rear of the First State Bank building, the same having been theretofore approved
by the Police and Fire Commissioner, whereupon it was ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Elwell,
seconded by Commissioner Matzdorf, that the said application be granted and that the Clerk be and 
she is hereby directed to issue a gaming license for two games to G. Lopez at the building back of
the First State Bank Building. Voting on said motion ,Commissioners Anderson, Elwell, Matzdorf,
and His Honor the Mayor, Aye. Noes, none.

It appearing to the Board that the amended charter of the city of Las Vegas grants the
Board of City Commissioners permission to pay the City Marshall and City Policeman a higher
salary than they have heretofore received, and

It further appearing to the Board that said officers of the City of Las Vegas, to-wit the
City Marshall and City Policeman are entitled to an increase in salary since they work long
hours and carry heavy responsibility,

BE IT THEREFORE RESOLVED that the salaries of the City Marshall and City Policeman respec-
tively shall and they are hereby increased to the sum of Two Hundred ($200.00) Dollars per
month, said increase to include the salary for the month of April, payable May 1st, 1925.

Said Resolution was adopted on motion of Commissioner Matzdorf, seconded by Commissioner
Anderson, and passed upon the following vote: Commissioners Anderson, Matzdorf, Elwell and His
Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Elwell, seconded by Commissioner Matzdorf, it was ordered that

the Clerk be and she is hereby directed to draw a warrant for Five Hundred ($500.00) Dollars on the 


Treasurer in favor of the Pacific Tank and Pipe Co., of Los Angeles, as payment of a balance due said company.  

Voting on said motion; Commissioners Elwell, Anderson, Matzdorf and His Honor the Mayor, Aye. Noes, none.

The following Resolution was adopted upon motion of Commissioner Matzdorf, seconded by

Commissioner Anderson:

Resolved that the license and fines for the month of March, 1925, be placed to the credit
of the Police and Fire Fund, and be it further resolved that the Clerk of this Board shall so
notify the City Treasurer. Voting on said motion: Commissioners Matzdorf, Anderson, Elwell
and His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time the Clerk presented the resignation of Henry M Lillis as Municipal Judge, as
follows:

Las Vegas, Nevada. April 7th, 1925.

Hon. W.C. German,

Mayor, City of Las Vegas,

Las Vegas, Nevada.

Sir:

Please accept this as my resignation as Municipal Judge for
the City of Las Vegas, said resignation to take effect at once.

Yours very truly

Henry M. Lillis,

Municipal Judge.

Whereupon, it was ordered, on motion duly made and carried, that said resignation be and the

same is hereby accepted to take effect at once. Said motion was made by Commissioner Elwell,

seconded by Commissioner Matzdorf, and was passed upon the following vote: Commissioners

Elwell, Anderson, Matzdorf, and His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

The matter of the appointment of a Municipal Judge for the City of Las Vegas, to fill

the vacancy caused by the resignation of Henry M. Lillis, coming on before the Board, and it

appearing that the only application for the position is the verbal application of C.D.

Breeze, the newly appointed Justice of the Peace of Las Vegas Township, it was ordered,

upon motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner, Matzdorf that the said

	

C.D. Breeze, be and he is hereby appointed Municipal Judge of the City of Las Vegas, at a salary of 
Fifty ($50.00) Dollars per month said appointment to take effect upon the filing and approval of a good 

and sufficient bond in the sum of One Thousand ($1,000.00) Dollars, and upon the taking of the oath 
of office provided by law. It was further ordered that the Mayor be and he is hereby directed to approve said