OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF

LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. May 25, 1927.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 25th day of May, 1927, at the hour of three
o'clock P. M. Present: His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse; Commissioners W. B. MUNDY and O. J.
Smith, together with the City Attorney and Clerk. Absent: Commissioners C. J. Hammond and
W. E. Elwell.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

The following members of the City Planning Commission being present, a general dis-
cussion of plans for future improvements of the City was had: Dr. W. S. Park, R. B. Griffith,
W. E. Ferron, W. J. Rhoads, and Mrs. C. D. Breeze.

Thereafter, Commissioner Smith moved that the City purchase a book for the keeping
of minutes of the City Planning Commission, seconded by Mundy. Duly carried.

No further business appearing it was ordered upon motion duly made that this meet-
ing adjourn.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. June 2, 1927.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, held on the second day of June, 1927, at the hour of three o'clock p.m.
Present: Hon. J. F. Hesse, Mayor; Commissioners W. B. Mundy, O. J. Smith and W. H. Elwell,
together with the City Attorney and Clerk. Absent: C. J. Hammond.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

Minutes of the last regular meeting and adjourned meetings read and approved.

All claims allowed as shown by the Claims and Warrants Register filed in the
office of the Clerk.

Reports of City officers read, approved and ordered filed in the office of the

Clerk.

It was thereupon ordered, upon motion duly made, seconded and carried that all

the moneys collected by the City Clerk and Municipal Judge, to-wit: $559.00, be apportioned

to the Police and Fire Fund, and that the sum of $400.00 be transferred to the Salary Fund

from the General Fund.

	

Thereupon, proposed ordinance No. 124, entitled "an ordinance to amend section seven (7)
and eight (8) of ordinance No.  119 of the City of Las Vegas, etc." was read for the second
time, and upon motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Mundy, and unanimously
carried, was duly adopted and ordered published for one week in the Las Vegas Review.

No further business appearing it was ordered upon motion duly made that this meet-
ing adjourn until June 3rd, 1927, at the hour of three o'clock P. M.