be designated by the Fire Chief of the City of Las Vegas. Said motion was passed the
following vote: Commissioners Anderson and Elwell and His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German
Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk read the following proposed agreement between the City of Las
Vegas and the Consolidated Power and Telephone Company:

THIS AGREEMENT, made and entered into in duplicate at
Las Vegas, Clark County, State of Nevada, this 21st day of
April, A.D. 1925, by and between the City of Las Vegas, a
municipal corporation in the County of Clark, State of
Nevada, by and through its Mayor and Clerk duly author-
ized by resolution duly adopted by the Board of Com-
missioners of said City at an adjourned meeting of said
Board held on the 21st day of April, A.D. 1925, the party
of the first part, and the Consolidated Power and Tel-
ephone Company, a corporation organized and existing
under and by virtue of the laws of the State of Nevada,
by and through its duly authorized officers, the party
of the second part,

WITNESSETH: That the said party of the first part, for
and in consideration of the covenants and agreements
hereinafter to be kept and performed by the said party
of the second part, does hereby give and grant, sub-
ject to the right of sooner termination by either
party upon notice as hereinafter set forth or by rea-
son of the failure of either party to do and perform
any of the covenants hereby agreed to be done and per-
formed, to the said party of the second part for a full
term of ten (10) years, beginning at noon on the 21st
day of April, 1925, and ending at noon on the 21st day of
April, 1935, the right and privilege to the full and free
use for the purposes hereinafter set forth, of that cer-
tain electric transmission line beginning at its con-
nection in the alley at the rear of the Ed. W. Clark
building in said City and extending to and through what
is known as the Original Townsite to said City of Las
Vegas. Said use of said electric transmission line to
include any and all reasonable use for the purpose of
transmitting electrical energy for power, light and
telephone purposes, and shall include the use of the
poles of said line for the purpose of adding thereto
or attaching thereon a wire or wires for the trans-
mission of said electrical energy for said purposes
and also the right of ingress and egress thereto.

And the said party of the second part, for and
in consideration of the use of said electrical trans-
mission line and the poles thereof, as above set forth
, agrees to maintain for said term, at its own cost
and expenses, for the use of said city street lighting
purposes the said transmission line including the main-
tenance and replacement of poles and wire, exclusive of
appurtenances, together with the replacement and main-
tenance of all electric street lighting bulbs up to but
not exceeding twenty-five in number on said line for
street lighting purposes.

	The said party of the second part further agrees

to properly keep and maintain said transmission line
in good condition for street lighting purposes and shall
keep and maintain in good condition all electric light
power and telephone wires, connections and equipment in-
stalled by it and shall keep said city harmless from
any and all liability arising only by reason of said
party of the second part failing or neglecting to so
properly maintain said line.

It is further agreed that the property and equip-
ment, except replacement property and equipment and light
bulbs, used by the party of the second part shall be
and remain the property of the second party and upon
the expiration Or sooner termination of this agreement
may be removed by said second party.

It is further agreed that this agreement may be de-
termined and annulled, without damage for so doing, to the
other, by either party hereto at any time during the life
of this agreement, upon the party desiring to terminate
the same giving to the other six months notice thereof.

It is further agreed that the said party of the first
part shall have the right, at any and all reasonable times
to inspect the said transmission line for the purpose
of ascertaining whether or not the terms and conditions
of this agreement are being complied with.

It is further agreed that upon the expiration or
sooner determination of this agreement that the said
party of the second part will quietly and peaceably
surrender and give up to the said party of the first
part the said property herein allowed to be used by
said second party in as good condition as the same
now is, reasonable wear and tear excepted.

And finally the said party of the second part, in
consideration of the premises, hereby agrees to install