OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

November 30th, 1928.

At a recessed meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, held on the 30th day of November, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock,
P. M.

PRESENT:	His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Commissioners W. B. Mundy and O. J.

Smith, together with the City Attorney and Clerk.

ABSENT:	Commissioners Roy Neagle and W. C. German.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

Upon motion of Commissioner W. B. Mundy, seconded by Commissioner O. J. Smith, it was
resolved that the contract heretofore entered into between the City of Las Vegas and A. P.
Slocum, for the engineering work in connection with the proposed paving program of the
City of Las Vegas, and which said contract has heretofore been approved by this Board, be
signed and attested with the Seal of the City by the City Clerk in addition to the
signature of the City by O. J. Smith its Commissioner of Streets and Public Property, and
the signature of A. P. Slocum as engineer, which said contract bears date the 20th day of
September, 1928.

The Minutes of the meetings of November 8th, 1928, November 15th, 1928, November 16th,
1928, November 19th, 1928 and November 22nd, 1928 were read and approved by the Board.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

November 22nd, 1928.

At a recessed meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Clark County, Nevada, held on the 22nd day of November, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock,
P.M.

PRESENT: His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Commissioners W. B. Mundy, W. C. German,

O. J. Smith, together with the City Attorney and Clerk.

ABSENT: Roy Neagle, Commissioner.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

Upon motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Mundy, the following
resolution was duly adopted:

RESOLVED that there be, and is hereby created, a Special Fund to be known as "Fifth
Street Special Widening Fund" in which there has on this date been deposited the sum of
Eight Thousand Fifty-Two Dollars and Five Cents, ($8,052.05), and that such additional
funds as may be collected for the purpose of the special improvement shall be deposited in
the said Special Fund.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the bill of the State Highway Department of the State of
Nevada, bearing date November 19th, 1928, this day presented to this Board, for the sum of
Seven Thousand Three Hundred Ninety-Four Dollars and Fifty-Four Cents ($7,394.54), as the
estimated cost of grading, furnishing and applying oil mixing and finishing be, and the
same is hereby allowed, and a warrant be drawn by the proper officers for the payment of
the same, with an understanding entered into between said State Highway Department and the
City of Las Vegas that only such portions of said improvement shall be made by the said
State Highway Department as shall have been paid by the property owners abutting upon said
proposed improvement; such data to be furnished by the Street Commissioner of said City
to the State Highway Department.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the cost of the intersections estimated at One Thousand
Seven Hundred Eighty-Five Dollars ($1,785.00) be paid out of the general fund of the City
of Las Vegas.

Vote on said resolution was as follows: Commissioners W.B. Mundy, O. J. Smith and
His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, voting Aye; Noes, None.

No further business appearing, the meeting was recessed to the 30th day of November,
1928, at the hour of three o'clock, P. M.