OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. MARCH 11,1927.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners, of the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 11th day of March, 1927, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.
Present: Hon. J.F. Hesse, Mayor, with Commissioners W.B. Mundy and O.J. Smith, together with the City
Attorney and Clerk. Commissioners C.J. Hammond and W.H. Elwell being absent.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

Thereupon the Board entered into discussion on the subject of issuing Highway Bonds
in the amount of Two Thousand ($2,000.00) Dollars.

Upon motion duly made, seconded and carried it was ordered that the money collected

from licenses in the amount of $571.00 be apportioned to the Salary Fund, and that the money

collected from fines in the amount of $125.00 be apportioned to the General Fund; and the Clerk

was ordered to so inform the City Treasurer.

Thereupon, after due consideration, it was ordered on motion duly made, seconded and

carried that the City Clerk instruct the City Treasurer to make a payment of Eight Hundred

first

($800.00) Dollars and the accrued interest on the note held by the First State Bank as an emer-
gency loan to the City of Las Vegas; the Payment of $800.00 on the principal to be drawn from
the Emergency Loan Fund, and the Interest payment to be drawn from the General Fund.

At his time the question of the issuance of an additional Two Thousand Dollars
($2000.00.) worth of Las Vegas City Highway bonds to meet the cost of the maintenance and
repair of Main Street from the corner of Main and Fremont Streets to the northeast city limits
and of Fifth Street from the corner of Fremont and Fifth Streets to the southwest city limits,
a distance of approximately three miles, which highway was heretofore constructed in connection
with Federal Aid to connect with Route 6 of the State Highway System of the State of Nevada,

came on for discussion, and it appearing to the Board of City Commissioners that by an Act of

the Legislature of the State of Nevada, for the year 1923, the City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas have authority to issue bonds in an amount not to exceed Fifty Thousand Dollars
($50,000) for the construction, maintenance, and repair of a highway through the City of Las
Vegas to connect with Route 6 of the State Highway System under an Act of the Legislature of
the State of Nevada in convention assembled, entitled "An Act Authorizing the Board of City
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, to issue bonds to provide for the con-
struction of a highway through said City of Las Vegas, to connect with Route 6 of the State
Highway System of the State of Nevada, and providing for the ratification thereof by special or

general election before the issuance of any such bonds," approved March 5, 1923, and

It further appearing to the Board that Forty-four Thousand ($44,000) Dollars worth
of said authorized issue of bonds have been sold for the purposes above mentioned, and it also
appearing that the further sum of Two Thousand Dollars ($2000.00) is required for additional work
in connection with the maintenance and repair of Main Street, commencing at the corner of Main
and Fremont Streets, thence to the northeast city limits, and of Fifth Street, commencing at the
corner of Fremont and Fifth Streets, thence to the southwest city limits, a distance of approximat-
ely three miles; and it further appearing to the Board of City Commissioners that the amount of
money now remaining in the State Highway Fund of the City of Las Vegas is insufficient to meet
the cost of the maintenance and repair contemplated,

NOW THEREFORE, on motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Smith, and
the question being put to a vote, the following Preambles and Resolution were regularly and duly
adopted by the unanimous vote of the Board:

WHEREAS, pursuant to and in strict compliance with the provisions and authority of the
Constitution and laws of the State of Nevada, including the provisions of Chapter 74 of the laws
of the State of Nevada, 1923, being an Act of the Senate and Assembly of the State of Nevada, en-
titled "An Act Authorizing the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of
Clark, to issue bonds to provide for the construction of a highway through said City of Las Vegas