OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. September 14th, 1925.

At a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, held on the 14th day of September, 1925, at the hour of seven-thirty o'clock

P.M. Present Hon. J.F. Hesse, Mayor with Commissioners W.B. Mundy, W.H. Elwell and C.J. Hammond,
together with the City Attorney and the City Clerk, Commissioner O.J. Smith being absent.

The Clerk read the following call for special meeting and notice of special meeting:

Call for Special Meeting

Las Vegas, September, 14, 1925.

To the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas:

The undersigned, Mayor of the City of Las Vegas hereby
calls a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of said
City of Las Vegas, to be held at the Board Room of said Board in
the County Court House at Las Vegas, Nevada, on Monday, the 14th
day of Sept., 1925 at the hour of 7:30 o'clock P.M., to consider
and take action with regard to the tax roll for the year 1925 as
equalized by the County Board of Equalization, and to take action
with regard to the request for reclassification made by this Board
to the State Board of Equalization.

You will give notice accordingly.

_________J.F.Hesse

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas

Notice of Special Meeting.

Las Vegas, Nevada Sept. 14, 1925

To J.F. Hesse, Mayor of the City of Las Vegas,
and to W.H. Elwell, W.B. Mundy, O.J. Smith and
C.J. Hammond, City Commissioners.

You are Hereby notified that pursuant
to the call of Mayor J.F. Hesse, this day issued, a special meeting
 of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas will
be held at the Board Room of said Board in the County Court House
at Las Vegas, Nevada on Monday the 14th day of Sept. 1925 at the
hour of 7:30 o'clock P.M., to consider and take action with regard
to the tax roll for the year 1925 as equalized by the County Board
of Equalization and to take action with regard to the request for
reclassification made by this Board to the State Board of
Equalization.

Florence S. Doherty_________

City Clerk

Due service of the above and foregoing notice is hereby
admitted this 14th day of Sept. 1925.

J.F. Hesse________

Mayor

C.J. Hammond,	W.H. Elwell

W.B. Mundy

City Commissioners.

Thereupon W.J. Stewart, Chairman of the Board of County Commissioners and S.R. Whitehead,

County Auditor appeared before the Board regarding the request of the Board to the State

Board of Equalization for a reclassification of certain arable lands contained in the

	

City limits of the City of Las Vegas, and after general discussion of the matter, the
Clerk was directed to send the following wire to said State Board of Equalization and
to W.E. Hawkins, County Assessor:

Las Vegas, Nevada. Sept. 14, 1925.

To State Board of Equalization and To W.E. Hawkins
Carson City, Nevada.

At meeting City Commissioners with Chairman County Commissioners
today on maturer consideration of application by City of 12th instant for

revaluation City now desires the restoration of nineteen twenty-four
valuation onarable uncultivated lands in city limits plus a raise of two
and one half dollars per acre on same.

J.F. Hesse, Mayor

W.J. Stewart, Chairman Board of County

Commissioners.