and maintain upon said transmission line all wires and
equipment, and keep up and maintain said line in all
respects, in accordance and in full compliance with
the ordinances of said city and the laws of the State
of Nevada."

Thereupon, on motion of Commissioner Elwell, seconded by Commissioner Anderson, the fol-
lowing Resolution was adopted:

RESOLVED that the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, by and
through its Mayor and Clerk enter into the above proposed agreement with the Consolidated
Power Company, and said Mayor and Clerk are hereby directed to sign said agreement in du-
plicate. The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Anderson, Elwell, and His
Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Elwell, Joseph Gecman was
granted permission to construct a drive way through the curb and over the side walk at his
place of business on Lot 32, Block 4, Clark's Las Vegas Townsite .Voting on said Resolution
Commissioners Elwell, Anderson and His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time it was ordered
upon motion duly made and unanimously carried that the Board adjourn until the next regular
meeting to be held on Tuesday, the 5th day of May, A.D. 1925, at the hour of seven-thirty o'-
clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada. May 5th, 1925.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, held on the 5th day of May, A.D. 1935, at the hour of seven thirty o'clock
P.M. Present Hon. W.C. German, Mayor, with Commissioners A.R. Anderson, W.H. Elwell, and F.E.
Matzdorf, together with acting city attorney A.S. Henderson and the City Clerk.

Minutes of the previous regular and adjourned meetings were read, and there being no
omissions or corrections were approved as read.

Reports of officers were read, approved and ordered placed on file in the office of
the Clerk of this Board.

All bills allowed as per claim book on file in the office of the Clerk of the Board.

Thereupon the Clerk read for the second time proposed Ordinance No. 111 of the City of
Las Vegas, entitled: "An Ordinance Prohibiting the Manufacture, Storage or Keeping, Sale,
Offering or Exposing for Sale or Barter, or other Disposal of Intoxicating Liquors in the
City of Las Vegas; Regulating other matters Pertaining thereto; Providing a Penalty for
the Violation of This Ordinance and Repealing All Ordinances and Parts of Ordinances In
Conflict therewith," and the same was duly passed and adopted upon motion of Commissioner
Elwell, seconded by Commissioner Matzdorf, upon the following vote: Commissioners Anderson,
Elwell, Matzdorf, and His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, it was ordered,
on motion duly made and unanimously carried, that the Board adjourn until Monday the
11th day of May, 1925, at the hour of three o'clock P.M. when it shall meet to canvass the
vote of the city election held on the 5th of May, 1925, and to transact such other business