OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. May 14, 1928.

At an adjourned regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Clark County, Nevada, held on the 14th day of May, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock P. M. Present:
Hid Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse; Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B. Mundy and W. C. German, to-
gether with the City Attorney and Clerk. Absent: Commissioner Roy Neagle.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.



A draft of an ordinance entitled " An Ordinance declaring the determination of the Board of Com-
missioners of the City of Las Vegas to make certain improvements in the City of Las Vegas by grad-
ing for and constructing oil bound gravel pavements and hydraulic cement concrete curbs on certain
streets and portions of streets in said City; describing definitely the location of said improve-
ments; providing that the cost and expense thereof shall be paid entirely by special assessment
upon all the lots included in the special assessment district, hereby established, according to

benefits, except where, by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas certain portions thereof are re-

quired to be paid from the General Fund of said City of Las Vegas; providing for the issuance of 
special assessment bonds and also general bonds of the City of Las Vegas for the payment thereof

and other matters relating thereto.", was read for the first time, and, upon motion duly made,

seconded and carried, was laid over for a second reading.

At this time a written report of estimates on the expense of a proposed pavement and curb 
improvement and plat thereof, designated as Las Vegas Special 1928 Pavement and Curb Street Improve-
ment, heretofore directed to be proposed was presented by the Mayor, and upon motion, duly made,
seconded and carried the said estimate and plat were approved and ordered filed in the office of
the City Clerk for public examination.

Thereupon, a form of notice in connection with said proposed Las Vegas Special 1928 Pavement
and Curb Street Improvement was presented by the City Attorney to the Board. Thereupon, on mo-
tion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Smith, and duly carried, the following pre-
ambles and resolution were duly adopted:

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VERAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. May 11, 1928.

At an adjourned regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, held on the 11th day of May, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock P. M. Pre-
sent His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse; Commissioners Mundy and German, together with the City
Attorney and Clerk. Absent: Commissioners Smith and Neagle.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

At this time the Board was engaged in discussing the paving of streets in this City.

No further business appearing, it was ordered, upon motion duly made, seconded and carried
that this meeting adjourn until Monday, the 14th day of May, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

After discussion of street paving problems, this meeting was adjourned until Friday, the 11th
day of May, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock P. M.