longation of Main Street commencing at 286 feet south of the south east corner of Main and
Garces streets in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, to the common corner of Sections
3 and 4, Township 21 S., R.61 E,M.D.B. and M is hereby vacated, same to take effect upon the con-
struction of the street as outlined in the plat of South Addition to the City of Las Vegas,
along Main Street as designated on said plat. 

At this time Ordinance No. 119 entitled :"An Ordinance authorizing C.O. Lauritzen
and George P. Peabody, and their assigns, to install, lay down and maintain gas mains, distributing
pipes and supply pipes, and all necessary and proper appliances used in connection therewith or
appurtenances thereto, in, through, over ,across, under and along all or any of the streets,
alleys or public grounds of the City of Las Vegas in carrying on the business of furnishing gas
to the inhabitants of said City for heating, lighting and power and other uses and purposes, and
establishing regulations and conditions in connection therewith", was introduced and read for the
first time. A discussion of said Ordinance was had.

Upon motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Elwell, the following
Preambles and Resolution was duly adopted:

Whereas, there is at the present time no gas works within the City of Las Vegas or
vicinity, and there is immediate need of such gas works for said City and prompt action is necess-
ary for the permission for the construction of such gas works in order that the same may be in
operation for fall and winter use of gas during the current year, and Ordinance No. 119 has been
introduced at this meeting providing for a franchise granting to C.O. Lauritzen and George P.

Peabody permission to install, lay down and maintain pipes in the streets, alleys and public
grounds of said City, and

Whereas, in the opinion of this Board an Emergency exists for the immediate
passage at this meeting of said Ordinance, Now

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that action be taken immediately upon said Ordinance

at this meeting.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows Commissioners Mundy, Elwell and His
Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, voting aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon said Ordinance No. 119 was read for the second time and put to a vote

upon the passage of the same. The vote on said Ordinance No. 119 was as follows: Commissioners Mundy,

Elwell, and His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, Aye. Noes, none. The ordinance was declared duly and

regularly passed by the vote of the whole board.

It was ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Elwell,

that the licenses and fines be divided as follows:

General Fund	$500

Police and Fire Fund	1459

and the Clerk was directed so to notify the Treasurer.

Harold Case, Fire Chief appeared before the Board and requested the Board to adopt

and Ordinance preventing citizens from getting in the way of and interfering with the fire

engine and fire department at the time of fires in the City of Las Vegas.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, it was
ordered upon motion duly made and carried, that the Board adjourn until the next regular
meeting to be held on the 2nd day of September, A.D. 1926, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.