OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF
IAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. May 21, 1927.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 21st day of May, 1927, at the hour of three
o'clock p. m. Present: His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse; Commissioners W. B. Mundy and O. J.
Smith, together with the City Attorney and Clerk. Absent: Commissioners C. J. Hammond and
 W. H. Elwell.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

At this time His Honor the Mayor announced the appointment of the following named
persons as members of the City Planning Commission, to-wit: Dr. W. S. Park, R. B. Griffith,

W. J. Rhoads, W. E. Ferron, Mrs. Leigh Hint, and Mrs. C. D. Breeze; the seventh member to be
appointed at a later date.

Thereupon, A. S. Henderson, Esq., appeared before the Board and asked the Board to
pass an Ordinance amending Ordinance No. 119, whereby the Clark County Gas Company would be
granted an extension of time in which to file a plat of proposed mains, the location thereof,
and to start the work of installation, etc. Whereupon, proposed Ordinance No. 124, entitled
"An ordinance to amend Sections seven (7) and eight (8) of Ordinance No. 119 of the City of
Las Vegas, entitled 'an Ordinance authorizing C. O. Lauritzen and George P. Peabody, and their
assigns, to install, lay down and maintain gas mains, distributing pipes and supply pipes, and
all necessary and proper appliances used in connection therewith or appurtenant thereto, in,
through, over, across, under and along all or any of the streets, alleys or public grounds of
the City of Las Vegas in carrying on the business of furnishing gas to the inhabitants of
said city for heating, lighting, power and other uses and purposes, and establishing regu-
lations and conditions in connection therewith'", was read for first time.

Upon motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Mundy, it was ordered
that the City Assessor levy special assessment in accordance with Ordinance No. 122, and that
the City Clerk notify him of this order. Commissioners Mundy and Smith, and His Honor, the
Mayor, Hesse, voting Aye. Noes, none.

At this time the Clerk called to the attention of the Board that the Oaths of Office
of Mayor J. F. Hesse and Commissioners Smith, Mundy, German and Neagle elect have been filed,
and also the bond of each thereof had been filed and approved by the Chairman of the County
Commissioners of this County. Whereupon, on motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commis-
sioner Mundy, it was resolved that it is found by this Board that Mayor J. F. Hesse and Com-
missioners Smith, Mundy, German and Neagle elect, had duly qualified for their respective of-
fices in accordance with the Charter of the City of Las Vegas.

Thereupon, no further business appearing the meeting adjourned until May 23rd, 1927,
at the hour Of three o'clock p. m., upon motion duly made.