OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

March 4th, 1926.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, held on the 4th day of March, A.D, 1926, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, with Commissioners C.J. Hammond, W.B. Mundy and O.J.

Smith, together with the City Attorney, F.A. Stevens, Esq., and the City Clerk, Commissioner
W.H. Elwell being absent.

Minutes of the previous regular and adjourned meetings were read, and there being no.

omissions or corrections, were approved as read.

Reports of officers were read, approved and ordered placed on file in the office of

the Clerk.

All claims allowed as per claim book on file in the office of the Clerk.

At this time the Board took up the consideration of the question as to whether highway
construction on Fifth Street from Fremont Street to the south city limits should include
wooden or concrete curbings, and after general discussion of the matter it was ordered, on
motion of Commissioner Hammond, seconded by Commissioner Mundy, that concrete curbing be
installed on Fifth Street, between Fremont and Garcia Streets at a cost of $2,783.00, the
figures stated in the statement presented by the Department of Highways of the State of
Nevada, and it was further ordered that the whole amount of said claim as presented, in the
sum Of $6,963.15, be approved and allowed and the Clerk is hereby directed to draw a warrant
for said amount in favor of the Department of Highways of the State of Nevada. Voting on said
motion Commissioners Hammond, Mundy and Smith and His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, Aye; Noes, none.

At this time the Clerk presented the following communication:

Las Vegas, Nevada. Feb. 23, 1926.

Mayor Fred Hesse,

Las Vegas, Nevada.

Dear Mayor:

The following is taken from the minutes of the
regular meeting of the Board of Directors of the Las
Vegas, Nevada Chamber of Commerce, held Tuesday Feb. 23rd, 1926,
which I am requested by the Board to place in your hands with
the suggestion that it is given in a spirit of co-operation,
not of criticism.

" On motion regularly carried, the Secretary is hereby
instructed to prepare a suitable resolution calling the
attention of the City Commissioners to the necessity of the
appointment of a City Engineer or come competent official
to prepare proper regulations to be followed in the build-
ing of all public or semi-public buildings hereafter to be
built in the City of Las Vegas; in connection with which it is
recommended that all materials to be placed in said buildings
be properly graded; that all regulations be under his sup-
ervision in order that such buildings may be built in a man-
ner that will protest the life of the citizens of the City.

Buildings, in the past, have been built, such as the building in
which the Elk's Club is now situated, and the city , it is reported 

took no part to see that proper regulations were fol-
lowed to insure the lives of the people who congregate in
such places; it is recommended that proper regulations be
drawn up, by proper Ordinances which may be somewhat sim-
ilar in nature to the recommendations made by the Depart-
ment of the Government, prepared in booklet form, which shall
be enforceable by the City under the supervision of such
officer of Engineer whom the City may appoint; said official
to be thoroughly competent to handle such work."

I am quite sure that it will not be necessary for me
to draw up a resolution after citing the foregoing, which is
brought to your attention in the most friendly spirit of
cooperation.

Yours very truly

Las Vegas Nevada Chamber of Commerce
S.R. Whitehead, Secretary

Thereupon the Board took the matter of the adoption of building regulations under
discussion, and the City Attorney was instructed to investigate the regulations,