The Clerk was directed to notify the recently appointed Plumbing Inspector, L. R. Hilkie
to qualify by filing his bond and taking the Oath of Office.

The following Resolution was adopted by the Board, upon motion of Commissioner Anderson,
Seconded by Commissioner Matzdorf:-



RESOLVED that routing of the proposed Federal Aid Highway through
the City of Las Vegas, as follows, to-wit:

South on Fifth Street, from the northerly City limits to Fremont	

Street; west on Fremont Street to Main Street and south on Main
Street to the southerly City limits be and the same is hereby
approved by this Board.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows:- Commissioners Matzdorf, Anderson, Shield,
and Elwell and His Honor the Mayor, W. C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

The matter of the application of E. H. Edwards for a gaming license for two games at the
Arizona Club came on for discussion at this time, having been laid over for investigation at the
previous meeting. On motion of Commissioner Matzdorf, seconded by Commissioner Anderson, it was
ordered that the Clerk be and she is hereby directed to issue a gaming license for two games to the
said E. H. Edwards. Voting, Commissioners Matzdorf, Anderson, Shield and Elwell, and His Honor the
Mayor, W. C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Marzdorf the Board adjourned
until Monday, the 28th day of January, A. D. 1924. Voting Commissioners Matzdorf, Anderson, Shield
and Elwell, and His Honor the Mayor, W. C. German, Aye. Noes, none. 

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
LAS VEGAS, NEVADA. January 28,1924.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, held on the 28th day of January, A.D. 1924, at the hour of seven-thirty
o'clock P.M. Present His Honor the Mayor W. C. German with Commissioners F. E. Matzdorf,
A. R. Anderson, C.R. Shield and W. H. Elwell, together with the City Attorney and the City
Clerk.

At this time the Clerk read proof of posting and of publication of notice of inten-
tion to make street improvements, and there being no written objections to the proposed im-
provement of the 16 foot strip on each side of the proposed Federal Aid 18 foot strip on
Fremont Street, of which notice had been given, it was ordered, on motion of Commissioner
Elwell, seconded by Commissioner Shield, that the City attorney draft an ordinance for said
improvement. Voting Commissioners Elwell, Shield, Matzdorf, and Anderson, and His Honor the
Mayor, W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

It was ordered, on motion of Commissioner Matzdorf, seconded by Commissioner Elwell,
that the City Clerk make application and arrangements for state industrial insurance for
members of the volunteer fire department. Voting Commissioners Matzdorf, Shield, Elwell,

and Anderson, and His Honor the Mayor, Aye. Noes, none.



It was ordered, on motion of Commissioner Elwell, seconded by Commissioner Matz-
dorf, that the salary of the City Treasurer be increased from the sum of Twenty-five ($25)
Dollars per month to the sum of Fifty ($50) Dollars per month, commencing January 1st,1924.