Ordinance No. 66 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled: 'An Ordinance Regulating Travel and Traffic
upon the Public Streets of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada;' also to amend Sections Twenty (20) and Twenty
two (22) of said Ordinance No. 66, and to add three new sections to said Ordinance No 66 to be known as Section
34a 35a, and 36a respectively, by way of amendment, and to repeal all Ordinances or parts of Ordinances in
conflict therewith' and to amend Section 34a as created by said Ordinance No. 90, and to repeal all
Ordinances and parts of Ordinances in conflict therewith. On motion of Commissioner Gorton, seconded by
Commissioner Arnold it was ordered that the said Ordinance be passed to the second reading. Voting
Commissioners Hodgens, Gorton, Arnold, and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

Upon motion of Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, seconded by Commissioner Hodgens, the City Attorney
was directed to draw up an ordinance extending the fire limits as follows, to include all territory
lying between Stewart and Bridger Streets, and Main and Fifth Streets. Voting Commissioners Hodgens,

Arnold, Gorton, and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon there being no further business to comes before the Board at this time it was
ordered upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded By Commissioner Arnold, that said Board stand
adjourned until July 19th, 1922 at the hour of six o'clock P.M. Voting Commissioners Hodgens,

Arnold, Gorton, and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, None.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS
VEGAS, COUNTY OF CLARK, STATE 0F NEVADA.

July 19,1922.

At a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, held
on Wednesday, the 19th day of July, A.D. 1922 at the hour of six o'clock p.m. Present Commissioners
Thomas R. Hodgens, W.E. Arnold, and Ray W. Gorton, the Mayor Pro Tem W.E. Dentner being absent; City
Attorney and. City Clerk were also present.

Upon motion of Commissioner Arnold seconded by Commissioner Hodgens, and duly carried
Commissioner Gorton was appointed to act as chairman of this meeting. Voting Commissioners Arnold,

Hodgens, and Gorton Aye. Noes, none.

All bills allowed as per claim book on file in the office of the Clerk of this Board
Minutes of the last meeting read, and approved as read.

Thereupon the Clerk read for the second time Ordinance No. 94, entitled," An Ordinance
to amend Sections twenty (20) and twenty-two (22) of Ordinance No. 66 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled
"An Ordinance Regulating Travel and Traffic upon the Public Streets of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada," a s
amended by Section 2 and 3 respectively of Ordinance No. 90 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled' An
Ordinance to Amend Section Six (6) of Ordinance No. 66 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled ' An Ordinance
Regulating Travel and Traffic Upon the Public Streets of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, as amended by
Section 1 of Ordinance No. 86 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled ' An Ordinance to Amend Section Six (6)
and to repeal Section Seven (7) of Ordinance No. 66 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled ;'An Ordinance
Regulating Travel and Traffic Upon the Public Streets of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada;' also to amend
Sections twenty (20) and twenty-two (22) of said Ordinance No. 66, and to add three new
sections to said Ordinance No. 66, to be known as Sections 34a, 35a, and 36a respectively,, by way of
amendment and to repeal all Ordinances or parts of Ordinances in conflict therewith" and to amend
Section 34a as created by said Ordinance No. 90, and to repeal all Ordinances and parts of Ordinances
in conflict therewith. On motion of Commissioner Arnold, seconded by Commissioner Hodgens, and duly
carried it was ordered that said finance No. 94 of the City of Las Vegas be adopted as read. Voting
Commissioners Arnold, Hodgens, and Gorton, Aye. Noes, none.