that all of the above mentioned buildings rightfully come within the ordinance licensing
apartment houses, it was ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Hammond, seconded by Commissioner
Mundy that the request for the erasure of the above names from the city license list be de-
nied and it was further ordered that the City Clerk collect any licenses due from said apart-
ment house owners, and that failing in this the matter be referred to the City Attorney for
action. The vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Smith, Mundy, Hammond, and His
Honor the Mayor, voting aye. Commissioner Elwell, no.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the following communication:

Las Vegas, Nevada.	

Dec. 3rd, 1925.

To the Honorable Board of City Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas.

Gentlemen:

Permit me to again ask your favorable consideration
of my charge of $40. per month for furnishing quarters for
your Municipal Court; including court-room and offices with
furniture and equipment, phone, lights, heat and janitor ser-
vice.

Quarters and equipment should undoubtedly be furnished
by the City for its inferior Courts, and I feel that the proposed
charge is very reasonable, and that the City could probably
not obtain equal facilities elsewhere for that money.

As an additional reason for your allowance of this
bill, I would call your attention to the ridiculously small
salary of $50 per month which is fixed by statute and which
you cannot increase until the legislature meets again. You can
partially make up for this, however, by allowing a reasonable
amount for the use of quarters for the Court.

There is a great deal of business in the Municipal Court,

(last month there were thirty-four cases handled and disposed of)
and the Municipal Judge must give a great deal of his time and at-
tention to City business. A considerable sum of money is collected
and accounted for every month. The services required of the Mun-
icipal Judge are wholly out of proportion to the salary, and it is
only fair and just that he receive in addition something to apply
on his office expenses.

Respectfully submitted,

C.D. Breeze

Municipal Judge

The matter of paying all or part of the rent of the quarters of the municipal judge was then
taken up for discussion, and it appearing to the Board that it is only fair and just for the
City to provide, or to assist in providing a municipal court-room, the following Resolu-
tion was adopted upon motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Elwell; 
RESOLVED that until the further order of this Board, beginning Jan 1st, 1926 the sum of 
Forty ($40.00) Dollars per month be paid towards the rent of the Court room of the municipal court of the
City of Las Vegas, said amount to be paid out upon proper presentation of a verified claim
of the said Municipal Judge. The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners
Smith, Elwell, Hammond, Mundy and His Honor the Mayor J.F. Hesse voting aye. Noes, none.

Upon motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Hammond, the City
Clerk was directed to request the Fair Board to supply the city with a financial statement
of the recent fair. The vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Smith, Elwell,
Mundy, Hammond, and His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse ,Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the communication of R.E. Cowan requesting a
leave of absence until the 1st of January on account of illness, and same was granted upon
motion of Commissioner Hammond, seconded by Commissioner Elwell. Voting on said motion Com-
missioners Smith, Elwell, Mundy, Hammond and His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time Street Commissioner O.J. Smith took up with the Board the matter of
the purchase of a new truck for the city street department, the old trucks being in a very
bad state of repair, and it appearing that it will take a considerable amount to put them
in working order again. The matter was continued for further discussion at an adjourned

meeting to be held on Thursday the 10th day of December, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

At this time C.C. Boyer, Division Engineer of the Department of Highways of the
State of Nevada appeared before the Board with reference to their entering into an agree-
ment with the State for further improvement of the Federal Aid Highway through the City