Upon motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner German, the following res-
olution was adopted:



RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, it is specified and agreed in paragraph numbered 1, of that
certain agreement dated February 16, 1927, between Las Vegas Land and Water
Company, a corporation organized and existing under and by virtue of the
laws of the State of Nevada, party of the first part therein and the City
of Las Vegas, the party of the second part therein, as the same is amend-
ed by an agreement between the same parties dated May 10, 1927, to the effect
that if A. L. Richmond shall within one hundred ninety days from February
9, 192.7, fail, neglect or refuse to deliver to the said Las Vegas Land and
Water Company, the bonds specified and referred to in subdivision (C) of
paragraph II of the agreement dated February 9, 1927, between Las Vegas
Land and Water Company, party of the first part therein and A. L. Richmond
of Los Angeles, California, party of the second part, (a copy of which agree-
ment is attached to the said agreement hereinabove first mentioned, and is
marked Exhibit "C" and made a part thereof) then and in that event the said
Las Vegas Land and Water Company would upon the request of said City, acting
by and through its Board of City Commissioners reconvey the public park or
agricultural fair grounds mentioned in said agreements, and the whole there-
of, to the City of Las Vegas, in trust for public park supposes.

AND WHEREAS, said A. L. Richmond has procured from said Las Vegas Land
and Water Company, an extension of ninety days additional time within which
to deliver said bonds, which extension was granted upon condition that the
City of Las Vegas, would agree to an amendment to said paragraph numbered

1,	as the same is amended by paragraph "FIRST" of the said agreement between
said Las Vegas Land and Water Company and This City, dated May 10, 1927,
changing the words, "one hundred ninety" to read "Two hundred eighty" 
where-ever the same appears in said paragraph "first";

AND WHEREAS, said Las Vegas Land and Water Company has requested the City
to agree to such an amendment, which said City is willing to do, it appearing
to the Board that such is for the best interests of said City;

NOW, THEREFORE, be it resolved, That the City of Las Vegas make and enter
into an agreement with Las Vegas Land and Water Company, amending paragraph
numbered 1, of that certain agreement dated February 16, 1927, between Las
Vegas Land and Water Company, as party of the first, part therein and the City
of Las Vegas, a municipal corporation of the State of Nevada, as party of the
second part therein, as the same is amended by paragraph "FIRST" of the said
agreement between said Las Vegas Land and Water Company and this City, dated
May 10, 1927, so that the same shall read as follows to-wit:

"1. That if the said A. L. Richmond shall within Two Hundred eighty
days from the date of the execution of said agreement, "Exhibit "C", namely,
within two hundred eighty days from February 9, 1927, fail, neglect or refuse
to deliver to the said Las Vegas Land & Water Company the said indemnity
bonds in the penal sum of Fifty Thousand ($50,000.00) Dollars each, as pro-
vided for in said agreement, "Exhibit C", and said deed or reconveyance shall
have passed to the said Las Vegas Land & Water Company from said City of Las
Vegas and the County of Clark to the public park mentioned in said Resolution,
Exhibits "A" and "B", then and in that event the party of the first part herein
shall, upon the request of said City of Las Vegas, acting by and through its
Board of City Commissioners, reconvey said Public Park and the whole thereof
to said City of Las Vegas intrust for public park purposes."

Provided, however, that such agreement, so to be entered into, shall provide
that the City shall have to and including December 9, 1927, within which to
remove from said public park the improvements reserved in the deed from said
City, reconveying to said company the said Public park.

And be it further resolved that such contract, be dated August 18, 1927,
and be considered in effect as from said date, and that the same be executed on
behalf of this City and by and under the hand of the Mayor of said City of Las
Vegas and attested by the City Clerk thereof, under the seal of said City.

The vote upon said Resolution was as follows:

Commissioners, Mundy, Smith, German, Neagle, and His Honor, the Mayor,

J.	F. Hesse voting aye; Noes, none.

No further business appearing it was ordered upon motion duly made that this meet-
ing adjourn until Tuesday, September 6th, at the hour of seven-thirty p. m.