OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY NEVADA.
April 1st, 1924.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, held on the 1st day of April, 1924, at the hour of seven-thirty o'clock P.M.

Present His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, with Commissioners F.E. Matzdorf, C.R. Shield, A.R. Anderson,
and W.H. Elwell, together with the City Attorney and City Clerk.

Minutes of the previous meeting were read and approved as read.

Reports of officers read, approved and ordered placed on file in the office of the Clerk.

All bills allowed as per claim book on file with the Clerk. The Standard Oil Company bill in
the sum of $43.98 was reduced to $18.90 for the reason that $25.08 of the amount should have
been charged against the County of Clark. The claim of D.C. Ward in the sum of $131.00 was re-
duced to $118.50. The claims of the Las Vegas Pharmacy in the sum of $3.25; the claim of Leo
A. Crowley in the sum of $28.80 and the claim of Reese Morgan in the sum of $53.72 were held over
for further investigation.

At this time, on motion of Commissioner Matzdorf, seconded by Commissioner Anderson, the

following Resolution was duly adopted:

RESOLVED that the H.F.M and M addition to the City of Las Vegas be and the same
is hereby approved in accordance with the plat duly presented, and that the Mayor
and City Clerk of this City be and they are hereby directed to certify this appro-
val on said plat. Voting Commissioners Matzdorf, Shield, Anderson, and Elwell and His
Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time the Clerk presented the application of A.T. McCarter for two games at the Ex-
change Pool Hall, the same having been theretofore approved by Police and Fire Commissioner
Elwell whereupon, it was ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner
Matzdorf, that the Clerk be and she is hereby directed to issue a license for two games to the
said A.T. McCarter at the Exchange Pool Hall.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the Application of Ball and Bay for three games at the Big
Four the same having been theretofore approved by Police and Fire Commissioner Elwell, whereupon
it was ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Shield, that the
Clerk be and she is hereby directed to issue a license for three games to the said Ball and Bay
at the Big Four.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the application of Morgan, Stocker and Horden for six games
at the Vegas Bar the same having been theretofore approved by Police and Fire Commissioner El-
well, whereupon, it was ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Elwell, seconded by Commissioner An-
derson that the Clerk be and she is hereby directed to Issue a license for six games to the
said Morgan, Stocker and Horden at the Vegas Bar.

Thereupon the Clerk read for the first time proposed ordinance No. 105 of the City of Las
Vegas entitled" An Ordinance to amend Subdivision number 19 of Section 2 of Ordinance No. 81 of the
City of Las Vegas entitled "An Ordinance to amend Section Seven (7) of Ordinance No. 49 of the
City of Las Vegas entitled 'An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas ,licensing for the purpose
of regulation and revenue, every kind of lawful business hereinafter specified, transacted or car-
ried on within the corporation limits of the City of Las Vegas, State of Nevada, fixing the rates
of license tax upon the same and providing for the collection of said license tax, and a punish-
ment for carrying on or conducting any such business without a license, and repealing Ordinances
Nos 1, 2, 4, 13, 14 and 35, approved December 3, 1913, and amended Dec. 13, 1915 by ordinance No. 62 of
the City of Las Vegas , and further amended March 5,1919 by Ordinance No. 74, and repealing all
ordinances or parts of ordinances in conflict therewith". On motion of Commissioner Elwell, seconded 

by Commissioner Matzdorf, it was ordered that said ordinance be passed to the second reading.
Voting Commissioners Matzdorf, Shield, Anderson and Elwell and His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, Aye.
Noes, none.

At this time the Clerk presented the report of Street Commissioner A.R. Anderson, together
with plans and specifications of the proposed sidewalk improvement on Second Street, and the