To W. C. German, Mayor, and
To the Board of City Commissioners
Las Vegas, Nevada.

Gentlemen:

I hereby tender my resignation as City Attorney of the City
of Las Vegas and would respectfully request early action on same
so that my successor may be selected in time to prepare and pre-
sent such business as is required to come before the regular meet-
ing to be held on Tuesday the 5th day of February, 1924. I desire to
thank the Board for the many courtesies extended to me in the past
and appreciate the harmonious relation s which have existed between
us. I find that I do not have the time to devote to the duties of
the office, which have so largely increased in the past year or so.

Respectfully yours,

F. A. Stevens

City Attorney.

whereupon, it was moved by Commissioner Elwell, seconded by Commissioner Shield, that the resig-
nation of Mr. Stevens as City Attorney be, and the same is hereby accepted to take effect im-
mediately. Voting on said motion Commissioners Elwell, Shield, Anderson, Matzdorf, and His Honor
the Mayor, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time the Clerk presented the following applications for the position of City
Attorney of the City of Las Vegas:

Las Vegas, Nevada.

Jany. 31, 1924.

To the Hon. Board of City Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Sirs:

Being advised that there is a vacancy in the office of City Attorney
for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, the present City Attorney, Hon. F. A. Stevens,
having resigned from said office, I respectfully offer myself as an ap-
plicant for appointment to said office. Your favorable consideration is
solicited and will be very much appreciated.

Very sincerely yours,

C. D. Breeze.

Las Vegas, Nevada.

January 31,1924.

To the Mayor and Board of City
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Las Vegas, Nevada.

Gentlemen:

Understanding there is to be a vacancy in the office of the
City Attorney, I hereby respectfully submit my application for said
office.

Respectfully yours,

A. W. Ham

Las Vegas, Nevada.

January 31st, 1924.

To the Honorable Mayor and the
Board of City Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas.

Understanding that a vacancy exists in the office of
City Attorney for the City of Las Vegas, I herewith submit my applica-
tion for said position for your due consideration.

E. F. Dupray.

Thereupon, nominations for the position of City Attorney of the City of Las Vegas
being in order, the name of C. D. Breeze was placed in nomination by Commissioner
Elwell. Commissioner Shield nominated A. W. Ham.