Anderson, Shield and Elwell, and His Honor the Mayor W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the Mayor appointed the following committee to investigate the proposition of
securing a car for the police department, and to report the results of such investigation at the
next regular meeting of the Board, to-wit; Commissioners Anderson, Shield and Elwell.

At this time the Mayor presented to the Board recommendations With regard to the amendment
of the Ordinances regulating gambling within the City of Las Vegas,, and after some discussion
the matter was laid over until the next regular meeting for further action.

Thereupon, it was ordered, on motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner
Shield, that the Board stand adjourned until the next regular meeting to be held on the 3rd
day of July 1923, at the hoar of seven-thirty o'clock P.M. Voting Commissioners Anderson,
Shield, and Elwell, and His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

July 3rd, 1923.

At a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County,
Nevada, held on the 3rd day of July, A.D. 1923, at the hour of seven-thirty o'clock P.M. Present
His Honor the Mayor, F.C. German, with members C.R. Shield, A.R. Anderson, W.H. Elwell and W.E. Arnold,
together with the City Attorney and City Clerk.

Minutes of the previous meeting were read and approved as read.

Reports of officers were read , approved and ordered placed on file in the office of
the Clerk of the Board.

All claims allowed as per claim book on file in the office of the Clerk, with the
exception that the claim of E.W. Griffith and Son in the sum of $28.80 was ordered returned for
proper itemization.

At this time the following Resolution was adopted upon motion of Commissioner Anderson,
seconded by Commissioner Arnold:

RESOLVED that General Licenses and Fines shall be distributed as follows,

beginning August 1st,1923, and until the farther order of the Board:

Police and Fire Fund-----------------------50%

Light Fund---------------------------------50%

and the Clerk is hereby directed so to notify the Treasurer.

Voting on said Resolution Commissioners Anderson, Arnold, Shield, and Elwell, and His Honor the
Mayor Aye. Noes, none.

At this time the Committee of three consisting of A.R. Anderson C.R. Shield and W.H. 
Elwell, heretofore appointed for the purpose of investigating the proposition of purchasing
a car for the use of the Police Department reported , and recommended the purchase of a
1922 Dodge Touring Car from Richardson and Lovelock Go. whereupon it was the order of the Board
upon motion of Commissioner Arnold, seconded by Commissioner Elwell, that the touring car
referred to be purchased and the payment of the purchase price of $800.00 be and the same is
hereby approved. Voting Commissioners Anderson, Arnold, Shield and Elwell and His Honor the
Mayor, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time the Clerk presented the following communication:

Las Vegas, Nevada.

July 3, 1923.