duly carried it was the order of the Board that said Ordinance No. 88 of the City of Las Vegas
be and the same is hereby passed to the second reading. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold
and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

	Thereupon the Clerk read for the first time an Ordinance to be known as Ordinance No.

 89 of the City of Las Vegas entitled "An Ordinance to Repeal Subdivision (43) of Section
seven of Ordinance No. 48 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled' An Ordinance of the City of Las
Vegas, licensing for the purpose of regulation and revenue, every kind of lawful business
hereinafter specified, transacted or carried on within the corporate limits of the City of
Las Vegas, State of Nevada, fixing the rates of license tax upon the same and providing for the
collection of said license tax, and a "Punishment for carrying on or conducting any such business 

without a license, and Repealing Ordinances Nos 31, 2, 4, 13, 14, and 35' approved December
3, 1913 as such Subdivision 43 is created and enacted by Ordinance No. 81 of the City of Las
Vegas, approved June 15th, 1921". Upon motion of Commissioner Arnold, seconded by Commissioner
Hodgens, and duly carried, it was the order of the Board that said Ordinance be and the same
is hereby passed to the second reading. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold and His Honor the
Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

The clerk was directed, upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner
Arnold to write to the American La France Fire Engine Company and inquire the price of a
Ford car equipped with a chemical tank and rotary pump. Clerk was also directed to write
to the Eureka Hose Company and inquire the price of 1000 feet of 2" hose. Voting Commis-
sioners Hodgens, Arnold and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time it was the order of the Board. upon motion duly made by Commissioner
Arnold, seconded by Commissioner Hodgens, and duly carried that the claim of Conklin Bros.
for the sum of $	be and the same is hereby laid over for investigation. Voting

Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time it was
ordered, upon motion of Commissioners Hodgens, seconded by Commissioners Arnold, and duly
carried that the Board stand adjourned until Monday, March 13, 1922, at the hour of two
o'clock p.m. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye
Noes, none.	