Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the application of A. T. McCarter for a gaming license
(2 games) at the Exchange on First Street and it appearing that said application has been approved
by Police and Fire Commissioner Hammond, the Clerk was directed On motion of Commissioner Elwell,
seconded by Commissioner Smith to issue a license for two games to A. T. McCarter at the Exchange.
Voting on said motion Commissioners Mundy, Elwell and Smith and His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse,
aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the application of A1 James and Robt. Lilly for a gaming
License (2 games) at the Criterion on Fremont Street, and it appearing that the same has been here-
tofore approved by Police and Fire Commissioner Hammond, the Clerk was directed, on motion of Com-
missioner Smith Smith seconded by Commissioner Mundy to issue a license for two games to Al James
and Robt. Lilly at the Criterion on Fremont Street. Voting on said motion, Commissioners Mundy,
Elwell, Smith and His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Aye. Noes, none.

The Clerk then presented the application of John L. Perrin for a gaming license (2 games)
at the Big Four on First Street, and it appearing that said application has been approved by Police
and Fire Commissioner Hammond, the Clerk was directed, on motion of Commissioner Mundy, Seconded by
Commissioner Elwell to issue a license for two games to John L. Perrin on Fremont Street. The
vote on said motion being as follows: Commissioners Mundy, Smith, Elwell and His Honor the Mayor,
Aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Mundy was granted a sixty day leave of absence.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time it was ordered on
motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Elwell, that the Board adjourn until Thursday
the 15th day of October, 1925, at the hour of ten o'clock A.M.

OFFICE OF CITY CLERK OF THE CITY
OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

NOVEMBER 5, 1925.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark

		

County, Nevada, held on the 5th day of November, A.D. 1925. Present His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse
with Commissioners C. J. Hammond and O. J. Smith, together with the City attorney and City Clerk.
It was ordered on motion of Commissioner Hammond, seconded by Commissioner Smith and
unanimously carried that the meeting be adjourned until Friday, the 6th day of November A D 1925, at
the hour of two o'clock p.m.