The following Resolution was adopted upon motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by
Commissioner Smith;

RESOLVED that the City Clerk be and she is hereby authorized and directed to notify
the Board of County Commissioners of Clark County, Nevada, of the tax rate established and
levied by this Board for the year 1926, and to direct said Board of County Commissioners
to levy and cause to be collected and paid the sum of eighty-eight cents on each one hundred
dollars worth of taxable property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
including the net proceeds of the mines for the year 1926, except such property as is exempt
from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as the City of Las Vegas Fund. Voting on said
Resolution Commissioners Mundy, Smith, Elwell and His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, Aye. Noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, it was ordered, on
motion duly made and carried that the Board adjourn until Friday the 12th day of February,
A.D. 1926, at the hour of three o'clock P.M. Voting on said motion, Commissioners Mundy, Smith,
Elwell and His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, Aye. Noes, none.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK
COUNTY, NEVADA. February 12th, 1926.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, held on the 12th day of February, A.D. 1926, at the hour of three of o'clock
P.M. Present His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, with Commissioners W.B. Mundy, O.J. Smith and W.H. El-
well, together with the City Attorney, F.A. Stevens, Esq., and the City Clerk.

At this time the Board took up the discussion of various matters relating to city streets
and taxation, and after general consideration of the same, it was ordered, on motion of Com-
missioner Smith seconded by Commissioner Mundy that the Board adjourn until the next regular
meeting to be held on Thursday the 4th day of March, A.D. 1926. Voting on said motion Commissioners
Mundy, Smith, and Elwell , and His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, Aye. Noes, none.