After full discussion of the proposed zoning Ordinance which was read for the first
time on the third day of June, 1927, it was ordered upon motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded
by Commissioner German and unanimously carried that said Ordinance be referred back to the City
Planning Commission.

Thereupon, the proposed Ordinance Number ___________, entitled, "An Ordinance Prohibiting

The Sale of Fireworks Within The Limits Of The City Of Las Vegas, Nevada, And Providing a Penalty
For The Violation Of This Ordinance", was read for the first time and laid over for the second

reading.

Thereafter, the Board was engaged in the discussion of vehicle parking problems followed
by discussion of the proposed paving of the streets.

No further business appearing it was ordered upon motion duly made that this meeting ad-
journ until Monday, November 7, 1927, at the hour of three o'clock P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. November 7, 1927.

At an adjourned regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 7th day of November, 1927, at the hour of three o'clock
P. A. Present: Hon. J. F. Hesse, Mayor: Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. C. German, and W. B.
Mundy, together with the City Attorney and Clerk. Absent: Roy Neagle.

Meeting called to order by the mayor.

No business appearing it was ordered upon motion duly made that this meeting adjourn
until Tuesday, November 8th, 1927, at the hour of three o'clock P. M.

-	-	OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. November 8, 1927.

At an adjourned regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 8th day of November, 1927, at the hour of three o'clock
P. M. Present: Hon. J. F. Hesse, Mayor: Commissioners O. J. Smith and Roy Neagle, together
with the City Attorney and Clerk. Absent: Commissioners W. B. Mundy and W. C. German.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

A letter from the Los Angeles General Hospital dated October 28, 1927, referring to



an Indigent named Juan Martinez, who is confined to said Hospital was read this letter was ordered referred
to the Board of County Commissioners.

After discussion on the street paving problem it was ordered on motion duly made that
this meeting adjourn