submitted to the City planning Commission and having received the approval of
said Planning Commission, be and the same is hereby approved and the Mayor is
hereby authorized and directed to execute on behalf of this Board the approval
on said map.

The vote on said Resolution was unanimous.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Neagle the following Resolution
was adopted:

RESOLVED that the Plat of Stewart's Addition to the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
heretofore submitted to this Board and by this Board submitted to the City Planning
Commission and having received the approval of said Planning Commission, be and the
same is hereby approved and the Mayor is hereby authorized and directed to execute
on behalf of the City the approval on said map.

The vote on said Resolution was unanimous.

No further business appearing it was ordered upon motion duly made, seconded and carried
that this meeting adjourn

		OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. March 1, 1928.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County,
Nevada, held on the 1st day of March, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock P. M. Present: His
Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Commissioners O. J. Smith, W, B. Mundy, W. C. German and Roy Neagle,
together with the City Attorney and Clerk.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

All claims allowed as shown in the Claims and Warrants Register on file in the office of the
Clerk.

City Officers reports for the month of February, 1928, read and approved and ordered filed.

Minutes of previous regular and adjourned meetings read and approved.

Good cause appearing, it was ordered upon motion duly made, seconded and carried, that the
name of the fund now and heretofore known as the Light Fund be changed to that of Water, Sewer
and Light Fund.

It was ordered upon motion duly made, seconded and carried, that the moneys collected by the
City Clerk and Municipal Judge during the month of February, 1928, for licenses and fines, totaling
$5,299.00, be apportioned as follows, to-wit: the sum of $5,000.00 to the General Fund, and the
sum of $2,266.00 to the Police and Fire Fund, and the sum of $33.00 to the Water, Sewer and Light
Fund.

The Clerk then read an itemized statement of the Boulder Canyon Air-Ways, Inc., since February
8, 1927. The same was ordered filed.

The Clerk then read a letter from J. P. King, City Street Supt., relative to traffic conditions
in this City. The same was ordered filed.

No further business appearing, it was ordered upon motion duly made, seconded and carried
that this meeting adjourn until