department, and such moneys for the purchase of said auto truck can only be procured through
the securing of an emergency loan as by law provided, and

Whereas, for the purpose aforesaid it will be necessary for said City to borrow the
sum of Twenty-Four hundred Dollars for a period of not to exceed two and one-half years by the
issuance of the negotiable promissory not or notes of said City bearing interest at the rate
of not to exceed eight per cent, per annum, redeemable as by law provided out of an emergency
tax fund,

NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Board of City Commissioners of said City do
hereby authorize and empower the Mayor and City Clerk thereof to borrow for the purpose
aforesaid the sum of Twenty-Four hundred Dollars for a period of not to exceed two and
one-half years, and to issue as evidence thereof the negotiable promissory note or notes
of said City in the aggregate of said sum of Twenty-four Hundred Dollars, the issue to bear
interest at the rate of not to exceed eight per cent, per annum, to be redeemable at the
option of this Board at any time when money is available in the Emergency Tax Fund, to be
levied by said City at the first tax levy following the creation of such indebtedness, as by
law provided.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows :

Commissioners, Mundy, Hammond, Smith, Elwell, and His Honor the Mayor J. F. Hesse,

Aye, Noes, None. 

The Clerk then presented the following communication:

Las Vegas, Nevada, March 22, 1926

To the Honorable Mayor and City Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada .

Dear Sirs:

The undersigned hereby petitions your Honorable Board for an order closing all trials, roads
and highways running over, across or through that portion of the southwest quarter of Section
34, Tp. 20 South, R. 61 E. M. D. & M. lying south of Garces Street and a continuation of
said Garces Street and lying East of Main Street produced, and lying between Fifth Street
and the north and south center line of said Section 34, and south of Clark Street, all in the
City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, and particularly those two certain roads or trails
running from fifth street or in continuation of Fifth street to the Dutton Ranch and running
from Fifth Street or the continuation of Fifth Street to the John S. Park and Wm. S. Park
property, situate in Section 3, Tp. 21, S. R. 61 E.

The consideration for the closing of said roads or trails is that Las Vegas Land and Water

Company has agreed to convey to the State of Nevada for public highway or road purposes an

easement for right-of-way over the southwest quarter of said Section 34 the following

described strip or parcel of land situate in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, and

particularly described as follows, to wit:

A strip of land 80 feet wide through that
portion of the said southwest quarter of
section 34 lying southerly of Clark's
Las Vegas, townsite as recorded in Book A,
page 5, of Plats, records of Lincoln County,

Nevada, and being 40 feet on each side, of,
measured at right angles to the following

described center line and prolongation
thereof:

Beginning at the point of intersection of the
center line of Fifth Street with the
Southwesterly line of Garces Street as shown on said
plat of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite, said point being
west 853.7 feet, more or less, from a point on the
easterly line of said southwest quarter of said
Section 34, said last named point being 1205.5
feet northerly from the southeast corner of said
southwest quarter of Section 34; thence, S.

27'45'W. 1364.0 feet, more or less, to a point
on the southerly line of said Section 34, said
point being 1288.0 feet westerly from the said
southeast corner of southwest quarter of Section
34;

Containing 2.50 acres, more or less.