OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS NEVADA.
July 5, 1922.

At a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held
on the 5th day of July, A.D. 1922, at the hoar of seven o'clock P.M. Present His Honor the Mayor Pro
Tem W.H. Dentner, with members Thomas R. Hodgens, W.E. Arnold, and Bay W. Gorton, together with the
City Attorney and City Clerk.

Claims allowed as per claim book on file in the office of the clerk of this Board.

Minutes of the last meeting read and approved as read.

Reports of officers read, approved and ordered placed on file.

At this time the following Resolution was ordered spread upon the minutes on

motion of Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, seconded by W.E. Arnold:

Whereas the Salary Fund of the City of Las Vegas is depleted by reason
of the fact that the salaries of various officers have been increased
since the current budget was drawn, and

Whereas, it is necessary that this Board make some provision for the
payment of salaries of the various officers of said City

BE IT HEREBY RESOLVED that the City Treasurer be, and he is hereby
directed to distribute all moneys received from licenses and fines as
is hereafter set forth, until the further order of the Board; to-wit:

62 1/2% of such licenses and fines shall go to the Police and Fire Fund.

12 1/2% "	"	"	"	"	"	" "	" General Fund.

25% "	"	"	"	"	"	"	"	" Salary Fund.

and it is further Resolved that the Clerk be and she is hereby directed
so to notify the City Treasurer.

The vote on said Resolution stood as followed Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold Gorton and His Honor
he Mayor Pro Tem Dentner Aye. Noes none.

It was the order of the Board upon motion of Commissioner Gorton seconded by
Commissioner Hodgens, that the City of Las Vegas shall not be required to take out a Sewer Permit
for cleaning the city sewers. Voting Commissioners Gorton, Hodgens, Arnold, and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner,
Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the application of L. Hargraves for a gaming license
3 games, whereupon it was the order of the Board upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by
Commissioner Gorton, and duly carried that a gaming license for 3 games be issued to the said L.
Hargraves. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Gorton, Arnold, and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the application of J. Spellenberg for a gaming license
for 2 games, the same having been approved by Police and Fire Commissioner Hodgens, whereupon it
was the order of the Board upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens seconded by Commissioner Gorton, and
duly carried that a license for 2 games be issued to the said J. Spellenberg. Voting Commissioners
Hodgens, Arnold, Gorton, and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the application of Cleto Aguirre for a gaming license
for 2 games, the same having been approved by Police and Fire Commissioner Hodgens, whereupon it
was the order of the Board upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Gorton, that
a gaming license for 2 games be issued to the said Cleto Aguirre. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Gorton,
Arnold, and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the application of J.H. Morgan, for a gaming
license for 4 games, the same having been approved by Police and Fire Commissioner Hodgens, whereupon
it was the order of the Board upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Gorton,
that a license for 4 games be issued to the said J.H. Morgan. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Gorton,
Arnold, and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time the Clerk read for the first time a new Ordinance of the City of
Las Vegas, ordinance NO. 94, entitled " An Ordinance to amend Section! twenty (20) and twenty-two (22)
of Ordinance No. 66 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled;' An Ordinance Regulating Travel and Traffic
upon the Public Streets of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,' as amended by Sections 2 and 3 respectively
of Ordinance No. 90 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled 'An Ordinance to amend Section Six (6) of
Ordinance No. 66 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled An Ordinance Regulating Travel and Traffic upon
the Public Streets of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada' as Amended by Section 1 of Ordinance No. 86 of the
City of Las Vegas, entitled 'an ordinance to amend section six and to repeal section seven of