There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, it was ordered,
on motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Elwell, it was ordered that
the Board adjourn until Thursday, the first day of October, 1925, at the hour of three
o'clock P.M. Voting on said motion Commissioners Mundy, Elwell and Hammond, and his
Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, Bye, Noes, none,

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE

CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY,
NEVADA.

October 1st, 1925.

At a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of Clark County, Nevada, held on
the first day of October, A.D. 1925, at the hour of three o'clock p.m. Present Hon. J. F. Hesse,
Mayor, with Commissioners W. B. Mundy, O. J. Smith and W. H. Elwell, together with the City
Attorney and City Clerk, Commissioner C. J. Hammond being absent.

Minutes of the previous regular and special meetings were read, and approved as corr-
ected.

Reports of officers were read, approved and ordered placed on file.

The Clerk was directed to notify the City Treasurer to distribute licenses and fines
collected for the month of September, as follows:

Licenses to the Salary Fund.

Fines to the General fund.

A committee from the So. Nevada Fair Board appeared before the Board requesting fin-
ancial assistance for the coming fair.

It appearing to the Board that a tax of $2000. was levied at the 1925 assessment for
the So. Nevada Fair, but that such tax will not be collected until December 1925, and June 1926,
it was ordered on motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Smith, and duly carried,
that the Fair Board be and is hereby authorized to expend $2000. on behalf of the City of Las
Vegas, with the understanding that said sum will be paid out of the Publicity Fund from the pro-
ceeds of the taxes collected in December, 1925 and June 1926, as levied in March 1925. The vote
being	as	follows: Commissioners Mundy, Smith, Elwell and His Hon. the Mayor, Aye. Noes, none.

The Clerk then read a petition from apartment house owners in the City of Las Vegas,

asking the abolishment of the license on apartment houses. The matter was taken under con-
sideration.

A communication from the Las Vegas, Nevada Chamber of Commerce urged the Board to press

the	 matter of securing Federal Aid towards the completion of the Federal Aid Highway from 5th and

Fremont Streets along 5th street to the south City limits. Thereupon the Clerk was directed to
write a letter to the State Highway Department on behalf of the Board of Commissioners urging
the construction set forth above.

Proposed Ordinance No. 114 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled " An Ordinance Providing
for Licensing of Hairdressing and Beauty Parlors," was read for the second time, and on motion of
Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Mundy, was passed and adopted upon the following
Vote: Commissioners Mundy, Smith, Elwell and His Hon. the Mayor J. F. Hesse voting aye. Noes,
none.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the application of Morgan, Stocker and Horden for a
gaming license (four games) at the Las Vegas Bar, and it appearing that same has been heretofore
approved by Police and Fire Commissioner Hammond the Clerk was directed on motion of Commissioner
Mundy, second by Commissioner Elwell to issue a license for four games to Morgan, Stocker and

Horden at the Las Vegas Bar. Vote on said motion: Commissioners Mundy, Elwell, Smith and His