(5 games) at the Las Vegas Bar, the same having been heretofore approved by Police and Fire
Commissioner Shield, whereupon, it was the order of the Board, upon motion of Commissioner Arnold,
seconded by Commissioner Anderson, that the said license be granted. Voting on said motion Commissioners 

Anderson, Arnold, Shield and Elwell, and His Honor the Mayor Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the application of L.R. Skinner and E.M. Pirtle for a Gaming
License, (2 games) at the Overland Bar, the same having been heretofore approved by Police and
Fire Commissioner Shield, whereupon, it was the order of the Board, upon motion of Commissioner
Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Arnold, that said license be granted. Voting on said motion
Commissioners Anderson, Arnold, Shield, and Elwell, and His Honor the Mayor, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the application of L. Hargrave for a gaming license,

(2 games) at the Big Four, the same having been heretofore approved by Police and Fire Commission-
er Shield, whereupon, it was the order of the Board, upon motion of Commissioner Elwell, seconded
by Commissioner Shield, that the said license be granted. Voting Commissioners Anderson, Arnold,
Shield and Elwell, and His Honor the Mayor, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon, it was the order of the Board, upon motion of Commissioner Arnold, seconded by
Commissioner Shield, that the Board adjourn until Wednesday the eleventh day of July, 1923, at the
hoar of seven-thirty o'clock P.M. at which time they will meet to discuss the construction of the
proposed Federal Aid highway through the City of Las Vegas, and such other matters as may pro-
perly come before the Board at that time. Voting Commissioners Anderson, Arnold, Shield, and Elwell,
and His Honor the Mayor, Aye. Noes, none.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS
VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

Las Vegas, Nevada. July 11,1923.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, held on the 11th day of July, A.D. 1923, at the hour of seven-thirty o'clock P.M.

Present His Honor the Mayor W.C. German, with Commissioners A.R. Anderson, C.R. Shield, and W.H.
Elwell, together with the City Attorney and City Clerk, Commissioner W.E. Arnold not being
present.

At this time the Clerk read a communication from H.E. Freudenthal relative to an esti-
mate on the cost of auditing the City books, and same was ordered filed for future reference.

Road matters were discussed at this time, and because of the absence from the city of
Highway Division Engineer C.C. Boyer, it was the order of the Board ,upon motion of Commission-
er Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Elwell, that the Board adjourn until Wednesday the
18th day of July, at the hour of seven-thirty o'clock P.M. , at which time it will meet to
discuss the matter of street paving and such other matters as may come before the Board.