

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. January 50, 1928.

At an adjourned regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 30th day of January, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock
P. M. Present: Hon. J. F. Hesse, Mayor, Commissioners W. B. Mundy, J. C. German, O. J. Smith,
together with the City Attorney and Clerk. Absent: Commissioner Roy Neagle.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

At this time the Board meet jointly with the Board of County Commissioners, all of
whom were present, together with Mr. S. R. Whitehead, County Auditor, for the purpose of dis-
cussing the City and County Budgets for the year 1928.

No further business appearing it was ordered upon motion duly made that this meeting
adjourn until Tuesday the 31st day of January, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. January 31, 1928.

At an adjourned regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 51st day of January, 1928, at the hour of three
o'clock P. M. Present: Hon. J. F. Hesse, Mayor; Commissioners W. C. German and W. B. Mundy,
together with the City Attorney and Clerk. Absent: Commissioners Roy Neagle and O. J. Smith.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.	

VA draft of an ordinance, entitled, "An Ordinance to amend, revise, and re-enact,
Lections 2 and 19, of Ordinance No. 56, entitled, 'An Ordinance providing for the issuance of
plumbing and sewer connection permits, for the inspection of plumbing and sewer connections
and for the regulation and construction of plumbing work in the City of Las Vegas', and
further amending said Ordinance by adding thereto two sections to be known as "2a" and "2b,"
respectively, and to repeal all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict therewith,"
was read for the first time.

Upon motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner German and duly carried,
said ordinance was laid over for second and final reading and action thereon. The vote on
said motion was as follows: Commissioners W. C. German, W. B. Mundy and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing it was ordered upon motion duly made that this meeting

adjourn.