and duly carried ,this Ordinance was passed. Voting Commissioners Hodgens Arnold, and His Honor the
Mayor Pro Tem Dentner Aye. Noes, none. Commissioner Anderson not voting.

Thereupon the Clerk read for the second time Ordinance No. 89 of the City of Las Vegas,

Nevada, entitled " An Ordinance to Repeal Subdivision (43) of Section seven of Ordinance No. 48 of
the City of Las Vegas, licensing ,for the purpose of regulation and revenue ,every kind of lawful
business hereinafter specified, transacted or carried on within the corporate limits of the City of
Las Vegas, State of Nevada, fixing the rates of license tax upon the same and providing for the col-
lection of said license tax ,and a punishment for carrying on or conducting any such business without
a license, and repealing Ordinances Nos. 1, 2, 4, 13, 14, and 35" approved December 3, 1913, as such subdivision 

(43) is created and enacted by Ordinance No. 81 of the City of Las Vegas, approved June 15th,

1921. Upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Arnold said Ordinance was daly
passed. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk read for the second time Ordinance No. 90 of the City of Las Vegas,

Nevada, entitled "An Ordinance to Amend Section six (6) of Ordinance No. 66 of the City of Las Vegas
entitled 'An Ordinance Regulating Travel and Traffic upon the Public Streets of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada' as amended by Section 1 of Ordinance No. 86 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled "An 
Ordinance to Amend Section six (6) and to Repeal Section seven (7) of Ordinance No. 66 of the City of
Las Vegas, entitled 'An Ordinance regulating Travel and Traffic upon the Public Streets of the City
of Las Vegas, Nevada ';also to amend Sections twenty (20) and Twenty-two (22) of said Ordinance No.
66, and to add three new sections to said Ordinance No. 66 to be known as Sections 34a, 35a, and 36a
respectively ,by way of amendment, and to repeal all Ordinances or parts of Ordinances in conflict
therewith". Upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Arnold, this Ordinance
was duly passed. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye.
Noes, none.

At this time the Clerk read for the second time Ordinance No. 91, of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada entitled " An Ordinance Providing for the cleaning of lots within the limits of Clarks
Las Vegas Townsite in the City of Las Vegas, and providing penalties for the violation thereof, and
repealing all Ordinances and parts of Ordinances in Conflict therewith". Upon motion of Commissioner
Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Arnold, this Ordinance was duly passed. Voting Commissioners Hodgens,
Arnold, and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

Upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Arnold, the following 



Resolution was ordered spread upon the minutes of this Board;

Whereas, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas at a regular meeting of
said Board held on the 7th day of December, A.D. 1921, by resolution duly adopted authorized the Mayor
City Clerk and the Water Works, Sewerage and Light Commissioner, on behalf of said City of Las Vegas,
to enter into a written contract for the furnishing of electric current for street lighting pur-
poses ,and for other service, therein specified, and

Whereas, a contract has this day been entered in to by and between the Consolidated
Power and Telephone Company, a corporation, the party of the first part, and the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, the party of the second part, wherein the party of the first part agrees to supply electric
current for street lighting and other purposes ,at the sum of seven cents (7 cts.) per K.W., as is
more fully set forth in the copy of the contract on file in the office of the clerk of this Board,
said contract having been entered into by the Mayor Pro Tem, City Clerk and Water Works, Sewerage
and Light Commissioner, in behalf of the party of the second part,

BE IT THEREFORE RESOLVED, that we, the Board of Commissioners, of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, do hereby approved the execution of said Contract.

Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, Anderson, and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, 

Aye. Noes, none. 

Upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Arnold, and duly carried
it was the order of the Board that the Water Works, Sewerage, and Light Commissioner be, and he is
hereby authorized to take the meter reading April 1st, 1922 at which date the new contract is
to become effective. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, Anderson and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem