OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. April 21st, 1926.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas

Clark County, Nevada, Present Hon. J.F. Hesse, Mayor, together with the Commissioners C.J. Hammond,

and O.J. Smith, together with the City Attorney and City Clerk, Commissioners Mundy and Elwell
being absent.

Minutes of the previous regular and adjourned meetings were read, and there being no
omissions or corrections were approved as read.

Bills allowed as per claim book on file in the office of the Clerk of the Board.

At this time the following communication was presented:

Las Vegas, Nevada.

April 21,1926.

Honorable Mayor Hesse
and City Commissioners,

Las Vegas, Nevada.

Gentlemen:

At a special meeting of the Board of Education
held on April 19, 1926 a resolution was passed requesting
the Board of City Commissioners to vacate that portion
of Lewis St. between 4th and 5th streets. Between the
present school blocks 37 and 38, this is for the use of
the Public Schools of the City of Las Vegas.

The Board would like very much to have this
street vacated if the City Commissioners can see their
was clear to do so.

Sincerely yours,

		E.E. Smith____________

	President.

After general discussion of the matter, it appearing to the Board that it will be

for the best interests of the Public Schools of the City of Las Vegas to vacate

that portion of Lewis Street between 4th and 5th streets, and it further appearing

that the above described portion of Lewis Street is seldom used, and that the safety

of pupils of the Public Schools demands that it be closed to traffic, the following

proposed Ordinance No. 116, of the City of Las Vegas, entitled "An Ordinance vacating

a portion of Lewis Street in Clark's Las Vegas Townsite in the City of Las Vegas for

public school and high school purposes" was introduced, and read for the first time.

On motion of Commissioner Hammond, seconded by Commissioner Smith, it was passed to the

second reading. Voting on said motion. Commissioners Smith and Hammond and Mayor Hesse, Aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Hammond , the office of
Plumbing Inspector of the City of Las Vegas was declared vacant. Voting on said motion
Commissioners Smith, and Hammond, and His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Hammond, seconded by Commissioner Smith, W.J. Rhoads was
appointed Plumbing Inspector of the City of Las Vegas, said appointment to take effect upon
the filing and approval of a good and sufficient bond in the sum of $1,000.00, and upon
his taking the oath of office required by law, and it was further ordered that the Hon.
J.F. Hesse be authorized to approve the bond of the said W.J. Rhoads as Plumbing Inspector
of the City of Las Vegas whenever said bond shall have been executed and presented. Voting
Commissioners Hammond, Smith and the Honorable J.F. Hesse, Mayor, Aye. Noes, none.

It was further ordered, upon notion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner
Hammond that L.R. Hilkie be and he is required to deliver up to the City Clerk all licenses,
books and forms and records belonging to said City now in his possession. Voting on said
motion Commissioners Hammond, Smith, and His Honor the Mayor, Aye. Noes, none.