OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

Las Vegas, Nevada, Dec. 6,1922.

At a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County
Nevada, held on the 6th day of December, A.D. 1922, at the hour of three o'clock p.m. Present Com-
missioners Thos. R. Hodgens, W.E. Arnold and R.W. Gorton, together with the City Attorney and City

Clerk, the Mayor Pro Tem. W.H. Dentner, being absent. Upon motion of Com. Arnold, seconded by Com. Gorton
Com. Hodgens was appointed to act as chairman because of the absence of the mayor pro tem.

The minutes of the previous meeting were read and approved as read, upon motion of Com.

Hodgens, seconded by Com. Gorton. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold and Gorton, Aye. Noes, none.

Reports of officers read, approved add ordered placed on file.

All bills allowed as per claim book on file with the Clerk of this Board, excepting
the following: the claims of J.J. Ullom in the sums of $24.90 and $34.00 respectively were Ordered
returned for proper distribution; the claims of J.N. Goodwin were ordered returned for further item-
ization; the claim of J.J. Cannon was ordered returned for proper distribution; the claim of
Leon Rockwell was ordered returned for information as to who ordered the work done.

At this time Leslie R. Saunders appeared before the Board with a request that the
Board make an appointment to fill the vacancy on the Park Board left by the departure of Frank
Brickie. After due discussion it was the order of the Board upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens
seconded by Com. Arnold that W.E. Hawkins be appointed to fill the vacancy on the Agricultural
Park Board caused by the departure of Frank Brickie. Voting Coms. Hodgens, Arnold and Gorton, Aye.
Noes, none.

At this time the Clerk presented the application of J.L. McLaurine for a gaming license
( 2 games) at the Levy building on Fremont Street, the same having been approved by Police
and Fire Commissioner Thos. R. Hodgens. Thereupon it was the order of the Board upon motion of
Com. Hodgens, seconded by Com. Arnold and duly carried that a gaming license for 2 games he
granted to the said J.L. McLaurine. Voting Coms. Hodgens, Arnold and Gorton, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the clerk read for the second time Ordinance No. 96 of the City of Las Vegas,
entitled " An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas to compel the attendance at meetings of the

	

City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas by members thereof." Upon motion of Commissioner
Arnold, seconded by Commissioner Gorton, said Ordinance was passed upon the following vote:
Commissioners Arnold, Gorton and Hodgens, Aye; Noes, none.

Upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Arnold it was ordered
that the following Resolution be spread upon the minutes of this Board:

WHEREAS the Legal Committee of the Chamber of Commerce is making a survey of the
Charter and Ordinances of the City of Las Vegas with a view to securing beneficial
legislation at the 1923 sessions of the Legislature and

WHEREAS it appears to this Board that this action is for the ultimate good of the
City of Las Vegas.

Be it therefore resolved that the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
hereby expresses its approval of the work of the Chamber of Commerce Legal
Committee, and tenders its cooperation.

THEREUPON the Clerk read the resignation of Commissioner Gorton, as follows:

Las Vegas, Nevada
December 6, 1922

Honorable City Commissioners:

Dear Sirs:

I herewith tender my resignation as Commissioner Fourth Class of Las Vegas,

Nevada, to take effect immediately.

Yours truly,

R. W. Gorton.

Whereupon it was the order of the Board upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens seconded
by Commissioner Arnold that said resignation be accepted. Voting, Commissioners A
Arnold, Gorton and Hodgens, Aye; noes, None.

 Thereupon, it was ordered that the Board adjourn until Dec. 15, 1922 at 3 o'clock p.m.