OFFICE OF CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA, FEBRUARY 3, 1927.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County
Nevada, held on the 3rd day of February, A. D. 1927, at the hour of three o'clock, P. M. Present
Hon. J. F. Hesse, Mayor, with Commissioners W. B. Mundy, O. J. Smith, W. H. Elwell and Chas. J.
Hammond, together with the City Attorney, F. A. Stevens and City Clerk.

Minutes of the previous meetings were read, and there being no omissions or corrections were
approved as read.

Reports of officers were read, approved and ordered placed on file in the office of the Clerk
of the Board.

All claims approved as per claim book on file in the office of the Clerk.

At this time the gaming license of J. W. Horden, for an additional table was approved, and
the Clerk was directed to issue the license for same. Moved by Commissioner W. B. Mundy, and
Seconded by O. J. Smith.

Thereupon there being no further business to come before the Board at this time it was ordered
upon motion duly made and carried that the Board adjourn until Friday, February 4, A. D. 1927, at
the hour of three o'clock , P. M.

Voting on said motion Commissioners, Mundy, Elwell, Smith, Hammond, and his Honor the Mayor
J. F. Hesse, Aye. Noes, none.

OFFICE OF CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK
COUNTY, NEVADA, FEBRUARY 4, 1927.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, held on the 3rd day of February, A. D. 1927, at the hour of three o'clock,

P. M. Present Hon. J. F. Hesse, with Commissioners W. B. Mundy, O. J. Smith, and W. E. Elwell,
together with the City Attorney, F. A. Stevens and City Clerk.

Minutes of the previous meetings were read, and there being no omissions or corrections were
approved as read.

It was ordered by the Board at this time to have all licenses and fines apportioned as
follows: $2,000.00, to Police and Fire, $500.00 to salary, and the balance to General. The Clerk
was then directed to write to the City Treasurer, Mr. J. M. Ullom, as to this distribution.

On motion of Commissioner Elwell, seconded by Commissioner 0. J. Smith, the following
Preambles and Resolution was duly adopted:

	 RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, there were cast in the City of Lae Vegas for Representative in Congress at the last
preceding general election, held on November 2, 1926, Thirteen Hundred thirty eight votes, and

WHEREAS, a petition has this 8th day of February, 1927, been presented to and filed with the
Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, containing the following prayer, to-wit:

To the Honorable Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, in the County of Clark,
State of Nevada:

Gentlemen:

We the undersigned, electors of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, do
hereby petition your honorable body to reconvey, upon such terms as you may pescribe, all the right,
title and interest, of said city of Las Vegas, in and to the land and premises hereinafter described
which have heretofore been donated and dedicated for use as an agricultural for rounds, park,
aviation field and automobile parking ground for the accomodation of the traveling public and
purposes incident thereto, to Las Vegas Land & Water Co., the corporation from whom such land was
acquired. We respectively believe that such reconveyance will be advantageous to such city and its
citizens.

The land so donated and dedicated which we petition to be reconveyed is situate
in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, and is described as follows:

Commencing at a point 80 ft. N. 28 deg. 13 min. E. from the NE corner of Block 33, at its
intersection with Stewart and Fifth street as shown on Map of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite, and
running thence N. 61 deg. 47 min. W. 1060 ft; thence N. 28 deg. 13 min, E. 960 ft; thence N. 54 deg.
47 min. E. 4472 ft; thence S. 61 deg. 47 min. #. 860 ft; thence S.28deg, 13 min. W. 1360 ft; to the