OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

June 4, 1923.

At a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, held on
the 4th day of June, 1923, at the hour of two o'clock P.M. Present Commissioners Thos. R. Hodgens,

W.E. Arnold, and Harry Blanding, Mayor Pro Tem W.H. Dentner, being absent.

On motion of Commisssoner Blanding, seconded by Commissioner Arnold, Commissioner Hodgens
was appointed Acting Chairman. Voting Commissioners Blanding, Arnold, and Hodgens, Aye. Noes, none.

Minutes of the last meeting were read, and approved as read on motion of Commissioner Arnold,
seconded by Commissioner Blanding. Voting Commissioners Blanding, Arnold and Hodgens, Aye. Noes, none.

Reports of officers were read, approved and ordered placed on file in the office of the Clerk.

All bills were allowed as per claim book on file in the office of the Clerk of the Board.

At this time the Clerk read for the second time Proposed Ordinance No. 99 of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, entitled "An Ordinance providing for the payment of a license fee for automo-
biles and motor propelled vehicles operated for hire on the public streets of the City of Las Vegas,
and matters connected therewith," which was adopted on motion of Commissioner Blanding, seconded
by Commissioner Arnold. Voting Commissioners Blanding, Arnold and Hodgens, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time the Clerk presented the bonds of the newly elected Mayor and four Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, as follows: the bonds of W.C. German as Mayor in the sum of One Thousand
($1,000.00) Dollars with S.J. Lawson and J.T. Ullom as sureties thereon; the bonds of W.E. Arnold as
Commissioner of the First Class in the sum of One Thousand ($1,000.00) Dollars with W.E. Hawkins
and J.H. Ullom as sureties thereon; the bonds of C.R. Shield as Commissioner of the Second Class in
the sum of One Thousand ($1,000.00) Dollars with A.W. Ham and Will Beckley as sureties thereon;
the bond of Arthur R. Anderson as Commissioner of the Third Class in the sum of One Thousand ($1,000.00)
Dollars with F.E. Matzdorf and J.T. Ullom as sureties thereon; the bonds of W.H. Elwell in the sum of
One Thousand ($1,000.00) Dollars with Ed. Von Tobel and John F. Miller as sureties thereon; whereupon
it appearing to the Board that the above are good and sufficient bonds and that the same have been
duly approved by W.J. Stewart, Chairman of the Board of County Commissioners of Clark County, Nevada, and
it further appearing to the Board that the above named Mayor and four Commissioners have taken the
oath of office required by law, it was ordered on motion of Commissioner Blanding, seconded by
Commissioner Hodgens, that the above bonds be and the same are hereby approved, and it is hereby
declared that the said Mayor and four Commissioners have duly qualified for office. Voting Commi-
ssioners Blanding, Arnold and Hodgens, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon, there being no further business to comes before the Board and this being the last
meeting of this Board of City Commissioners , and the newly elected Board of Commissioners, whose
members were elected to office at an election held on the 8th day of May, 1923, having qualified and
taken the required oath of office, and being ready to assume their duties as Mayor and Commissioners
of said City, it was ordered upon motion of Commissioner Blanding, seconded by Commissioner Hodgens,
that this Board stand adjourned sine die. Voting, Commissioners Blanding, Arnold and Hodgens, Aye.

Noes, none.