AND BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the City Clerk of the city of Las Vegas, Nevada, be and
she is hereby authorized and directed to have the official ballots prepared and to do and
perform all such acts and give such notices as may be necessary or required of him in order
that the said elections may be called and held and the qualified voters may have due notice
thereof as required by the laws of the State of Nevada governing and as required by the pro-
visions of the city charter of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada and this Resolution."

Thereupon there being no farther business to comes before the Board at this time, it was
ordered upon motion duly made and carried, that the Board adjourn until Monday, March 12th, 1923
at one o'clock p.m.

OFFICE OF CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,



At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
held on the 12th day of March, 1923, at the hour of one o'clock p.m. Present Mayor Pro Tem
W.H. Dentner, with Commissioners Thos. R. Hodgens, and Harry Blanding, together with
 the City Attorney and City Clerk, Commissioner W.E. Arnold being absent.

This being the time set for opening bids for the disposal of garbage under Ordinance No.
80 and in accordance with the Notice published, the Clerk at this time presented the following
bid, to-wit, the bid of R.J. Oppedyk:	

Las Vegas, Nevada. March 7, 1923

To the Board of City Commissioners of
Las Vegas, Nevada.

Gentlemen:

I herewith respectfully submit my sealed bid for the collec-
tion and disposal of garbage of said City of Las Vegas under and pursuant
 to the provisions of Ordinance Number 80 of said City of Las Vegas, and
in accordance with the specifications of the contract therefor on file
in the office of the City Clerk and hereby agree to enter into said
contract in consideration of the payment to me of the sum of Ninety
($90.00) Dollars per month according to the terms and for the period
mentioned in said contract.

R.J. OPPEDYK.

whereupon, after due Consideration, it was the order of the Board, upon motion of Commissioner
Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Blanding, that the matter be taken under advisement at this
time, and action deferred until the next regular meeting of the Board to be held on the 4th
day of April, 1923.

This being the time set for opening bids for construction of a sidewalk under
Ordinance No. 97, the Clerk thereupon presented the following bid, to-wit the bid of Alex
Lallemand and John J. Salvat:

Las Vegas, Nevada
March 12,1923.

We, the undersigned, herewith present our bid for the construction
of sidewalk on Fourth. Street Lots 35, 36, and 29 , in Clark's Las Vegas
Townsite, City of Las Vegas, Nevada in accordance with the specifications

 and conditions now on file in the office of the City Clerk, to-wit: the

sum of Twenty-two (22 cents) cents per square foot, we to furnish all material
 and labor to complete the work; or the sum of Eighteen and One-half

(18 1/2) cents per square foot said City to furnish, the sand and
gravel necessary to complete the work. We herewith make ten per cent

OFFICE OF CITY. CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
LAS VEGAS, NEVADA. March 12, 1923.