BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that an ad valorem tax of two and one half cents on each one hundred
dollars worth of taxable property situate, lying and being in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be
levied, collected and paid for the year 1924, including the net proceeds of mines, except such
property as is exempt from taxation, said tax to be known and used as the Las Vegas Cemetery

	

Fund.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that an ad valorem tax of eight cents one each one hundred dollars
worth of taxable property situate, lying and being in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied,
collected and paid for the year 1924, including the net proceeds of mines, except such property
as is exempt from taxation, said tax to be known and used as the Las Vegas Publicity Fund.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Matzdorf, Shield, Anderson and
Elwell, and His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the following Resolution was adopted upon motion of Commissioner Shield, sec-
onded by Commissioner Elwell:

RESOLVED that the City Clerk be and she is hereby authorized and directed to notify the
Board of County Commissioners of Clark County, Nevada, of the tax rate established and levied
by this Board for the year 1924, and to direct said Board of County Commissioners to levy and
cause to be collected and paid the sum of seventy- nine cents on each one hundred dollars worth
of taxable property, situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, except such property
as is exempt from taxation. Voting on said Resolution Commissioners Matzdorf, Shield, Anderson and
Elwell, and His Honor the Mayor, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time R.L. Kincaid appeared before the Board in response to the summons of the
Board, regarding the contemplated revoking of the licenses issued to Mr. Kincaid at the Lincoln
Hotel. After due discussion between Mr. Kincaid and the Board action on the matter was deferred.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, it was ordered
upon motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Elwell, that the Board adjourn
until the next regular meeting to be held on the 4th day of March, A.D. 1924, at the hour of
seven-thirty o'clock P.M. Voting Commissioners Matzdorf, Shield, Anderson, and Elwell, and His

Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. March 4, 1924.

At a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County
Nevada, held on the 4th day of March, A.D. 1924, at the hour of seven-thirty o'clock P.M. Present
Hon. W.C. German, Mayor, with members F.E. Matzdorf, C.R. Shield, A.R. Anderson and W.E. Elwell, together

with the City Attorney and City Clerk.

Minutes of the previous regular and adjourned meetings were read, and there being no
omissions or corrections were approved as read.

Reports of officers read, approved and ordered placed on file.