bond upon presentation by Mr. Breeze. Voting on said motion Commissioners Anderson, Matzdorf,
Elwell, and His Honor the Mayor, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk read for the first time proposed ordinance No. 111 of the City
of Las Vegas, Nevada, entitled," An Ordinance Prohibiting the Manufacture, Storage or
Keeping, Sale, Offering or Exposing for Sale or Barter, or other Disposal of Intoxicating
Liquors in the City of Las Vegas; Regulating Other Matters pertaining Thereto; Providing
a Penalty for the Violation of this Ordinance, and Repealing All Ordinances and Parts
of Ordinances In Conflict Therewith." On motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Com-
missioner Matzdorf, it was ordered that said Ordinance be passed to the second reading.
Voting Commissioners Anderson, Matzdorf, Elwell and His Honor the Mayor, Aye. Noes,
none.

Thereupon, there being no further business to come before the Board at this time
it was ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Matzdorf, seconded by Commissioner Elwell, that 
the Board adjourn until April 21st, 1925, at the hour of three-thirty o'clock P,M.

Voting: Commissioners Anderson, Elwell, Matzdorf, and His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German,

Aye. Noes, none.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

April, 21, 1925.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 21st day of April, 1925, at the hour of three-
thirty o'clock P.M. Present His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, with Commissioners A.R.
Anderson, W.H. Elwell, together with acting city attorney, Harley A. Harmon, Esq., and the
City Clerk.

At this time the Clerk read the following communication:

Las Vegas, Nevada

April 16,1925.

To the Honorable Board of City Commissioners,

Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada.

Gentlemen:

The undersigned is desirous of extending a four
inch water main beginning at the intersection of the alley
in Block 5 in the Hawkins addition to the City of Las
Vegas with Bridger Street, this being the end of the present
main in Block 5 Hawkins Addition, across Bridger Street
and through the alley in Block 6 of the Wardie Addition
and across Lewis Street and through the alley in Block 5
in the Wardie Addition to the intersection of the said
alley with Clark Street, being two blocks in all. We desire
to make this extension within a very short time and beg
permission from you to do the work.

Awaiting your pleasure we are,

Respectfully yours,

South Nevada Land and Development Co,

	By H.D. Buzick, Agent.

Thereupon, after due consideration, it was ordered upon motion of Commissioner El-
well, seconded by Commissioner Anderson that the permit for the above mentioned ex-
tensions be granted provided that the said South Nevada Land and Development com-
pany shall cause a fire plug to be installed in the alley of each block at a spot to