said Permittee.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the said City of Las Vegas, acting by and
through its Mayor and City Clerk, thereunto duly authorized has
hereunto set its corporate name and seal, and the said permittee,
W. S. Park, has hereunto set his signature, in duplicate this
17th day of May_____________, 1927.

CITY OF LAS VEGAS

Thereupon, on motion of Commissioner W. B. Mundy, seconded by Commissioner O. J. Smith,
the following Resolution was adopted:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, it is specified and agreed in paragraph numbered 1, of that
certain agreement dated February 16, 1927, between Las Vegas Land and Water
Company, a corporation organized and existing under and by virtue of the laws of
the State of Nevada, party of the first part therein and the City of Las Vegas,
the party of the second part therein, to the effect that if A. L. Richmond
shall within ninety days from February 9th, 1927, fail, neglect or refuse to
deliver to the said Las Vegas Land and Water Company, the bonds specified and
referred to in subdivision (c) of paragraph II of the agreement dated February
9, 1927, between Las Vegas Land and Water Company, party of the first part
therein and A. L. Richmond of Los Angeles, California, party of the second part
(a copy of which agreement is attached to the said agreement hereinabove first
mentioned, and is marked Exhibit "C" and made a part thereof) then and in that
event the said Las Vegas Land and Water Company would upon the request of said
City, acting by and through its Board of City Commissioners reconvey the public
park or agricultural fair grounds mentioned in said agreements, and the whole
thereof, to the City of Las Vegas, in trust for public park purposes.

AND WHEREAS, said A. L. Richmond has procured from said Las Vegas
Land and Water Company an extension of ninety days additional time within which
to deliver said bonds, which extension was granted upon condition that the City
of Las Vegas would agree to an amendment to said paragraph numbered 1., changing
the word "ninety" to read "One hundred ninety" wherever the same appears in
said paragraph numbered 1.;

AND WHEREAS, said Las Vegas Land and Water Company has requested
the City to agree to such an amendment, which said City is willing to do, it
appearing to the Board that such is for the best interests of said City;

NOW, THEREFORE, be it resolved, That the City of Las Vegas make and
enter into an agreement with Las Vegas Land and Water Company, amending paragraph
numbered 1. of that certain agreement dated February 16, 1927, between Las Vegas
Land and Water Company, as party of the first part therein and the City of
Las Vegas, a municipal corporation of the State of Nevada, as party of the second
part therein, so that the same shall read as follows to wit;

"1. That if the said A. L. Richmond shall within one hundred ninety days from
the date of the execution of said agreement, "Exhibit "C", namely, within one hundred
ninety days from February 9, 1927, fail, neglect or refuse to deliver to the said
Las Vegas Land & Water Company the said indemnity bonds in the penal sum of Fifty
Thousand Dollars ($50,000.00) each, as provided for in said agreement, "Exhibit
C", and said deed or reconveyance shall have passed to the said Las Vegas Land
& Water Company from said City of Las Vegas and the County of Clark to the public
park mentioned in said Resolutions, Exhibits "A" and "B", then and in that event
the party of the first part herein shall, upon the request of said City of
Las Vegas, acting by and through its Board of City Commissioners, re-convey said
Public Park and the whole thereof to said City of Las Vegas, in trust for public
park purposes."

Provided, however, that such agreement, so to be entered into, shall provide that
the City shall have to and including October 9, 1927, within which to remove
from said public park the improvements reserved in the deed from said City, re-
conveying to said company the said Public Park.

AND BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED THAT such contract so to be entered into be
executed on behalf of this City by and under the hand of the Mayor of said City
of Las Vegas and attested by City Clerk thereof, under the seal of said City.

The vote upon said Resolution was as follows:

Commissioners W. B. Mundy, O. J. Smith, and His Honor the Mayor Hesse voting
aye; Noes, none.



Thereafter, it appearing to the Board that this the time for opening of sealed bids on

construction of sidewalk on south Fourth Street, the Clerk was ordered to open all bids

received by him previous to this time, the following bids being presented to the Board:

Callihan & Turner	19 cents per square foot

C. A. Bryant	21	"	"	"	"

Alex Lallemand	21	"	"	"	"