OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. February 2, 1928.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County,
Nevada, held on the 2nd day of February, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock P. M. Present: His
Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B. Mundy, W. C. German and Roy Neagle,
together with the City Attorney and Clerk.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

All claims allowed as shown in the Claims and Warrants Register on file in the office of the Clerk

City Officers reports for the month of January, 1928, read and approved and ordered filed.

Minutes of previous regular and adjourned meetings read and approved.



Upon motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Mundy, and duly carried, it was ordered 
that the sum $50.00 be appropriated from the Publicity Fund and presented to the publicity Committee
of the Tri-State Trap Shoot for the purpose of advertising the City of Las Vegas during the trap
shoot meet to be held in this City on February 11 and 12, 1928.

Upon motion duly made, seconded and carried it was ordered that the moneys collected by the City
Clerk and Municipal Judge during the month of January, 1928, for licenses and fines, totaling
$3676.50, be apportioned as follows, towit: the sum of $2626.10 to the Police and Fire Fund, and the
sum of $1050.40 to the General Fund; further ordered that the sum of $13.29 be transferred from the
General Fund to the Emergency Loan Note Fund.

thereupon, proposed ordinance entitled "An Ordinance to Amend, Revise and Re-enact Section 22
of Ordinance No. 66 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled: 'An Ordinance regulating travel and traffic up-
on the public streets of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada', and further amending said Ordinance by adding
thereto two sections to be known as Sections 21a and 21b respectively, and to repeal all ordinances
and parts of ordinances in conflict therewith" was read for the second time. Upon motion of Commis-
sioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Mundy, said Ordinance was duly passed and adopted , and ordered
published one week, two issues, in the Las Vegas Age, a semi-weekly newspaper of general circulation
published in the City of Las Vegas; further ordered that said Ordinance be designated as Ordinance
No. 127. Vote on the foregoing motion was as follows: Commissioners Smith, Mundy, German and Neagle,
and His Honor the Mayor, Aye. Noes, None.

Thereupon, the proposed ordinance entitled "An Ordinance providing for the licensing of electric-
al workers in the City of Las Vegas, and fixing a penalty for the violation thereof" was read for the
second time. Upon motion of Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Neagle, said Ordinance
was duly passed and adopted, and ordered published one week, two issues, in the Las Vegas Age, a
semi weekly newspaper of general circulation published in the City of Las Vegas; further ordered
that said ordinance be designated as Ordinance No. 128. The vote on the foregoing motion was as
follows:	Commissioners Smith, Mundy, German and Neagle, and His Honor the Mayor, Aye. Noes, None.

Thereupon, the proposed Ordinance entitled "An Ordinance to Amend, Revise, and re-enact, Sections

2 and 19, of Ordinance No. 36, entitled ' An Ordinance Providing for the issuance of plumbing and

sewer connection Permits, for the inspection of plumbing and sewer connections and for the regulation

and construction of plumbing work in the City of Las Vegas,' and further amending said ordinance by

adding thereto two sections to be known as 2a and 2b respectively, and to repeal all Ordinances and

parts of Ordinances in conflict therewith," as amended, was read for the second time. Upon motion of Commissioner

Smith, seconded by Commissioner German, said Ordinance was duly passed and adopted, and ordered 

published one week, three issues, in the Las Vegas Review, a newspaper of general circulation, published



in the City of Las Vegas; further ordered that said Ordinance be designated as Ordinance No. 131.

Vote on the foregoing motion was as follows: Commissioners Smith, Mundy, German and Neagle, and His
Honor the Mayor, Aye. Noes, None.

No further business appearing it was ordered upon motion duly made, seconded and carried that
this meeting adjourn until the 14th day of February, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock P. M.