Thereupon it was ordered, upon motion of Mayor German, seconded by Commissioner Ander-
son that the nominations be closed. Voting Commissioners Matzdorf, Anderson, Shield, and
Elwell and His Honor the Mayor, W. C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time the name of C. D. Breeze was placed before the Board for voting upon for
the position of City Attorney, the vote being as follows: Commissioners Matzdorf,

Anderson, and Shield, No. Commissioner Elwell, and His Honor the Mayor, W. C. German, Aye.

Thereupon the name of A. W. Ham was placed before the Board for voting upon for the pos-
ition of City Attorney of the City of Las Vegas, the vote being as follows: Commissioners
Matzdorf, Anderson, Shield, Elwell, and His Honor the Mayor, W. C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the said A. W. Ham was declared appointed to the office of City Attorney of
the City of Las Vegas, said appointment to take effect upon his filing a good and sufficient
 bond in the sum of One Thousand ($1000.00) Dollars, to be approved by the Mayor, and
upon his taking the oath of office required by law.

ft was ordered , upon motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Matz-
dorf that the Clerk be and she is hereby, directed to write a letter of appreciation to
F. A. Stevens, former city attorney, for the excellent services rendered this Board. Voting
on said motion Commissioners Matzdorf, Anderson, Shield, and Elwell, and His Honor the
Mayor, Aye. Noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, it was
ordered, upon motion duly made and carried, that the Board adjourn until the next reg-
ular meeting to be held on the 5th day of February, A.D. 1924, at the hour of Seven-
thirty o'clock P.M. Voting Commissioners Matzdorf, Anderson, Shield, Elwell, and His Honor
the Mayor, Aye. Noes, none.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY
OF LAS VEGAS,

LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

FEBRUARY 6, 1924.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, held on Tuesday, the 6th day of February, A. D. 1924, at the hour of seven-thirty 
o'clock p.m. Present Hon. W. C. German, Mayor, with Commissioners F. E. Matzdorf, C. R. Shield,
A. R. Anderson, and W. H. Elwell, together with the City Attorney and City Clerk.

Minutes of the last regular, adjourned and special meetings were read, and there
being no omissions or corrections were approved as read.

Reports of officers were read, approved as read, and ordered placed on file.

All bills allowed as per claim book on file with the Clerk of this Board.

At this time E. H. Edwards appeared before the Board in response to a summons here-
tofore issued, in connection with the violation of Ordinance 103, and action was deferred.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the official bond of L. R. Hilkie, as plumbing in-
spector of the City of has Vegas, in the sum of one Thousand Dollars, with the American Surety
Company as surety thereon, and same was approved upon motion of Commissioner Matzdorf, seconded
by Commissioner Shield, upon the following vote:- Commissioners Matzdorf, Shield, Anderson and
Elwell, and His Honor the Mayor, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon, it appearing to the Board that the said L. R. Hilkie has taken the oath
of office as required by law, the said L. R. Hilkie was declared qualified to assume the
office of Plumbing Inspector of the City of has Vegas.

At this time the Clerk presented the following: Communication:-