RESOLUTION.

WHEREAS, a great necessity exists for the acquisition by the City
of Las Vegas of additional equipment for the Fire Department, to-wit,
a fully equipped fire truck with centrifugal pump, chemical equipment,
and approximately 1000 feet of fire hose, in that the present equip-
ment is wholly inadequate, and without such mew equipment there is a
constant menace to the safety of the lives and property of the in-
habitants of this City, and

WHEREAS, the funds available for the conduct of said Fire De-
partment during the year 1922 are not sufficient for use to any ex-
tent toward the purchase of the above mentioned equipment, And,

WHEREAS, for the purposes aforesaid it Will be necessary for
said City to borrow the sum of Three Thousand Dollars for a period
of two years by the issuance of the negotiable note, or notes of
said City, bearing interest at the rate of not to exceed eight per cent
per annum, redeemable as by law provided out of an emergency tax fund,
NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Board of City Commissioners
of said City of Las Vegas do hereby authorize and empower the Mayor
Pro Tem and City Clerk to, borrow for the purposes aforesaid the sum
of Three Thousand Dollars for a period not to exceed, two and one half
years, and issue as evidence thereof the negotiable promissory note
or notes of said City in the aggregate of said sum of Three Thousand
Dollars, the same to bear interest at a rate not to exceed six per
cent per annum to be redeemable at the option of this Board at any
time when money is available in the emergency tax fund, to be known
as "City of Las Vegas Emergency Tax" to be levied by this Board at
the first tax levy following the creation of such indebtedness as by
law provided.

Upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Arnold, and duly carried
it was the order of the Board that the City attorney be, and he is hereby instructed to draw
up an ordinance establishing a City Dump ground, defining the boundaries thereof, and establish-
ing a penalty for the violation thereof. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, Gorton add His
Honor the Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye,; Noes, none.

It was the order of the Board upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by
Commissioner Gorton, and duly carried that R.J. Oppedyke be appointed a special officer ,without
salary ,with special authority to enforce the proposed ordinance relating to a City Dump
Ground. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, Gorton and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem, Dentner,

Aye; Noes, none.

At this time the Board entered into a discussion of the purchase of Fire Equipment
as proposed in the above Resolution, and there appeared before the Board representatives of
several firms dealing in fire equipment, who presented their bids to the Board. After consid-
erable discussion, it was the opinion of the Board that the equipment offered by the
Hirsch and Hirsch Company ,and the hose offered by the Eureka Fire Hose Company represented
the best possible equipment for the price asked, and it was the unanimous opinion of the
Board that, upon the approval of the above mentioned Resolution by the State Board of Revenue
the above mentioned equipment should be purchased by this Board.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the application of J.H. Morgan for a Gaming License in
the City of Las Vegas, said application having been heretofore a proved by Police and Fire
Commissioner Hodgens, and it was the order of the Board upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens,
seconded by Commissioner Arnold, and duly carried that said Gaming License be issued to said
applicant. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, Gorton, and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem Dentner
Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the application of Cleto Aguirre for a Gaming License

in	the	City of Las Vegas, said application having been heretofore approved by Police and Fire

Commissioner Hodgens, and it was the order of the Board upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens,
seconded by Commissioner Arnold, and duly carried that said Gaming License be issued to said
applicant. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, Gorton, and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem, Dentner,
Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon	the Clerk presented the application of James Germain for a Gaming License

in the City of Las Vegas said application having been heretofore approved by Police and Fire

Commissioner Hodgens, and it was the order of the Board upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens,
seconded by Commissioner Arnold, and duly carried that said license be issued to said applicant.
Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, Gorton, and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem, Dentner, Aye. Noes
none.