apart. The vote on said. Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, Elwell and Smith and
His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, Aye. Noes, none.	

The Board then proceeded to take up the matter of the levy of taxes for the City of Las
Vegas for the year 1926. Upon motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Smith,
and unanimously carried, the following Resolution was adopted:

RESOLVED that an ad valorem tax of seven cents on each one hundred dollars worth of
taxable property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied ,
collected and paid for the year 1926 , including the net proceeds if the mines, except
such property as is exempt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as the Salary
Fund.

RESOLVED that an ad valorem tax of twenty cents on each one hundred dollars worth of
taxable property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied,
collected and paid for the year 1926, including the net proceeds of the mines, except
such property as is exempt from taxation, said Tax to be known as and used as the Street
Fund.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that an ad valorem tax of thirteen and one half cents on each
one hundred dollars worth of taxable property situate, lying and being within the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied, collected and paid for the year 1926, including the bet pro-
ceeds of the mines, except such property as is exempt from taxation, said tax to be known as
and used as the Light Fund.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that an ad valorem tax of seven cents on each one hundred dollars
worth of taxable property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be
levied, collected and paid for the year 1926, including the net proceeds of the mines, except
such property as is exempt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as the Publicity
Fund.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that an ad valorem tax of five and one half cents oh each one
hundred dollars worth of taxable property situate, lying and being within the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada, be levied, collected and paid for the year 1926, including the net proceeds of
the mines, except such property as is exempt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used
as the Emergency Loand Fund.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that an ad valorem tax of four and one half cents on each one
hundred dollars worth of taxable property, situate lying and being within the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, be levied, collected and paid for the year 1926, including the net proceeds of the
mines, except such property as is exempt from taxation, said tax to be known; as and used
as the Sewer Bond Interest Fund.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that an ad valorem tax of fourteen cents on each one hundred
dollars worth of taxable property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, be levied, collected and paid for the year 1926, including the net proceeds of the
mines, except such property as is exempt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as
the Sewer Bond Redemption Fund.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that an ad valorem tax of nine cents on each one hundred dollars
worth of taxable property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be
levied, collected and paid for the year 1926, including the net proceeds of the mines, except
such property as is exempt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as the Highway
Bond Interest Fund.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that an ad valorem tax of seven and one half cents on each one
hundred dollars worth of taxable property situate, lying and being within the City of Las
Vegas, be levied, collected and paid for the year 1926, including the net proceeds of the

mines for the year 1926, said tax to be known as and used as the Highway Bond Redemption
Fund.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, Smith, Elwell and His
Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, Aye. Noes, none.