OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. February 24, 1928.

At an adjourned regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 34th day of February, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock
P. M. Present: His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Commissioners W. B. Mundy, Roy Neagle, to-
gether with the City Attorney and Clerk. Absent: Commissioners W. C. German and O. J. Smith.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Neagle, the following Res-
olution was adopted:

RESOLVED that the Plat of E 1/2 of Block B Valley View Addition to the City of Las

Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, heretofore submitted to this Board and by this Board

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF LAS VEGAS



CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA, February, 14 1928



At an adjourned regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, held on the 14th day of February, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock P. M.
Present: His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B. Mundy & W. C. German,

together with the City Attorney and Clerk. Absent: Commissioner Roy Neagle.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

The Clerk presented to the Board a letter from Owen Halpin, wherein he made application for
appointment to the position Plumbing Inspector, in and for the City of Las Vegas. The Clerk was
directed to acknowledge receipt of the letter and inform Mr. Halpin that he would be considered
for the position.

The Clerk then presented a letter from the Las Vegas, Nevada Chamber of Commerce, wherein a
request was made of the City Commissioners that the Board refer all plats of townsites, which were
presented to the Board for approval, to a committee named in the letter, which committee had been
appointed by the President of the Chamber of Commerce. After due consideration this letter was
referred to the City Planning Commission, and the Clerk was directed to inform the Chamber of Com-
merce of this action by the Board.

Hr. C. D. Baker then presented to the Board a plat of Stewart Addition to the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, and requested that said plat be approved by the Board. Said plat was
referred to the City Planning Commission for their recommendations, upon motion made, seconded & carried
The Clerk then read to the Board a letter from Mr. V. J. Rhoads, City Plumbing

Inspector, in which Mr. Rhoads tendered his resignation as such Plumbing Inspector. Upon motion of
Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner German, Mr. Rhoads' resignation was duly accepted, the
vote being as follows: Commissioners Smith, Mundy and German, and His Honor the Mayor, Hesse, Aye.

Upon motion by Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Smith, it was RESOLVED that
F. B. Blakeley be and he is hereby appointed Plumbing Inspector of the City of Las Vegas at a monthly
compensation at the rate of $150 per month, based upon eight hours work as constituting a days work,
to take office upon the furnishing of a bond as required by Ordinance No. 129, in the sum of
$1000., to be approved by the Mayor. The vote upon said motion was as follows: Commissioners Smith
Mundy and German, and His Honor the Mayor, Hesse, Aye. Noes, None.

No further business appearing it was ordered upon motion duly made, seconded and carried that
this meeting adjourn until February 24th, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock P. M.