OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. March 5th, 1926.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Clark County, Nevada, held on the 5th day of March, A.D 1926, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.
Present His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, with Commissioners Mundy, Smith and Elwell together
with the City Attorney, F.A. Stevens, Esq., and the City Clerk.

this time the Board continued the discussion of the purchase of a truck for the street
department, it appearing to the Board that a truck is badly needed by said department. After
general consideration of the matter , on motion of Commissioner Elwell, seconded by Commissioner
Smith, the following Resolution was introduced:

RESOLUTION.

WHEREAS, it is imperatively necessary for the proper conduct of the work of the street
Department of the City of Las Vegas that an auto truck be purchased and there is not on hand
nor will there be collected during the year 1926 sufficient moneys to permit of the pur-
chase of such auto truck and at the same time provide moneys for the conduct of the ordinary
work of said department, and such moneys for the purchase of said auto truck can only be procured
through the securing of an emergency loan as by law provided, and

WHEREAS, for the purposes aforesaid it will be necessary for said City to borrow the
sum of Twenty-four Hundred Dollars for a period of not to exceed two and one-half years by
the issuance of the negotiable promissory note or notes of said City bearing interest at the
rate of not to exceed eight per cent per annum, redeemable as by law provided out of an emergency
tax fund,

NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Board of City Commissioners of said City do hereby
authorize and empower the Mayor and City Clerk thereof to borrow for the purposes aforesaid
the sum of Twenty-four Hundred Dollars for a period of not to exceed two and one-half years,
and to issue as evidence thereof the negotiable promissory note or notes of said City in the
aggregate of said sum of Twenty-four Hundred Dollars, the issue to bear interest at the rate
of not to exceed eight per cent. per annum, to be redeemable at the option of this Board at any
time when money is available in the Emergency Tax Fund, to be levied by said City at the first
tax levy following the creation of such indebtedness, as by law provided.

Action on this Resolution was deferred until an adjourned regular meeting of this
Board to be held on Monday, the 22nd day of March, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.; and the
City Clerk was directed to have notice of said contemplated action published for two issues
in the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.



Thereupon the Board met with the Board of County Commissioners of Clark County
Nevada, and general discussion of matters pertaining to the Fair Grounds held jointly by the
City and County was had.

The Board then adjourned until Monday, the 22nd day of March, A.D. 1926, at the
hour of three o'clock P.M.