OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

September 6th, 1928.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, held on the 6th day of September, 1928, at the hour of three o'
clock, P. M.

PRESENT: Hon. J. F. Hesse, Mayor, Commissioners, W. C. German and O. J. Smith,
City Attorney and Clerk.

ABSENT: Commissioners LeRoy Neagle and W. B. Mundy.

	Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

His Honor, the Mayor, appointed Commissioner Smith to audit bills against the
Police and Fire Departments on account of the absence of Commissioner Neagle.

Minutes of previous session read and approved. All claims allowed as shown
by the Claims and Warrants Register on file in the office of the Clerk. City
officers reports read and approved and ordered filed in the office of the Clerk.

A draft of an ordinance entitled:

"	Ordinance No.	

An Ordinance Empowering, Authorizing and Directing the Ex-Officio City
Assessor of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, To
Levy A Special Assessment To Defray the Costs Of Making Certain Improve-
ments In The City Of Las Vegas, By Grading For And Constructing Oil Bound
Gravel Pavements And Hydraulic Cement Concrete Curbs On Certain Streets
And Portions of Streets In Said City, According To The Plats, Diagrams
And Estimates Of Cost Thereof On File In The Office Of The City Clerk Of
The City Of Las Vegas; Describing Definitely The Location Of Said Im-
provements, Stating The Amounts of Said Assessment, And Designating The
Lots, Lands And Premises To Be Assessed According to Benefits; Providing
For the Issuance Of Special Assessment Bonds For The Payment Thereof,

And Other Matters Relating Thereto:"

was read to the Board for the first time. Upon motion duly made, seconded and
carried, said Ordinance was laid over for a second reading.

A proposed ordinance entitled:

"	Ordinance No. 132

An Ordinance authorizing the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, to borrow Twelve Thousand Dollars ($12,000.00),
to provide funds for the purpose of defraying that portion of the expenses
determined by said Board of Commissioners to be stood and borne by the
City of Las Vegas for the grading for and construction of oil bound gravel
payments and hydraulic cement concrete curbs upon interior squares or
spaces formed by the intersection of streets and spaces opposite alleys and
where lands belonging to said City, or public ground not taxable, abut on such
improvements, in connection with those certain improvements authorized and
determined to be made under the provisions of Ordinance No. 131 of the City
of Las Vegas; to issue and sell the bonds of the City of Las Vegas therefor,
said bonds to be known as "Las Vegas Special 1928 Pavement and Curb Street
Improvement Bonds, Series A," and providing for the payment of the principal
and interest of said bonds, and other matters relating thereto."

was read for the second time, and upon motion duly made and seconded, was passed and
adopted, and it was further ordered that said Ordinance be numbered 132, and the
same published for three issues one week in the Las Vegas "AGE", the vote being as
follows:- Commissioners Smith, German and His Honor the Mayor Hesse, aye; Noes,
none.

It appearing to the Board that an error had been made in the Minutes of the
meeting of this Board held on August 2nd, 1928, and in the title of proposed
Ordinance No. 132, which was at said meeting read for the first time, in that the
sum of Ten Thousand Dollars was named in said Minutes and in said title of said
proposed Ordinance, and that the sum should have been $12,000.00, IT WAS ORDERED
upon motion duly made, seconded and carried that the Clerk be authorized, and he
hereby is authorized to change the resolution passed and adopted at said meeting of
August 2nd, 1928, and the title of said proposed ordinance No. 132, so that the
words and figures $10,000.00 shall appear as $12,000.00.

It appearing to the Board that the practise of assigning parts of claims
against the City has become prevalent, and it appearing that the City or its
officers are not required by law to honor such part assignments, it was ordered
upon motion duly carried, that the Clerk notify all persons having claims against
the City and making such part assignments, that such part assignments will not
be honored by the City or its officers in the future.