OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

Las Vegas, Nevada. December 10th, 1925.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Clark County Nevada, held on the 10th day of December, A.D. 1925, at the hour of three o'clock
P.M. Present Hon J.F. Hesse, Mayor with Commissioners W.B. Mundy, O.J. Smith and W.H. Elwell, to-
gether with the City Attorney and City Clerk, Commissioner C.J. Hammond being absent.

Minutes of the last regular meeting were read, and there being no omissions or correc-
tions were approved as read.

At this time the Board took up for discussion the matter of the request of the Las Vegas
Land and Water Company for a permit to lay a ten inch sewer pipe on Stewart Street to con-
nect with the City's main sewer at the alley between Sixth and Seventh streets , and after
being fully considered, the following Resolution was adopted upon motion of Commissioner Mundy,
seconded by Commissioner Smith:

RESOLVED that the Mayor and the City Clerk be and they are hereby authorized to issue
a permit to the Las Vegas Land and Water Company, granting said company permission to lay a
ten inch serew pipe on Stewart Street upon terms to be agreed upon by said Mayor and said Las
Vegas Land and Water Company, said permit to be drawn up by the City Attorney.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Elwell, Smith and Mundy and His Honor
the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, voting aye. Noes, none.

The Clerk was directed to write to the Las Vegas Land and Water Company calling their
attention to the unsightly outhouses near the Freight Office and asking to have the same abated.

The Board then took up the discussion of the purchase of a truck for the street department
and the Clerk was directed to wire Hon. Samuel S. Arentz asking him if there were any trucks form-
erly used by the government which could be procured by the City for use on the streets, and also
whether there were any caterpillars available.

At this time the question of the issuance of an additional Six Thousand ($6,000.00) Dollars
worth of Las Vegas City Highway bonds to meet the cost of the improvement of Fifth Street from the
corner of Fremont and Fifth Streets to the southwest city limits, a distance of approximately two
miles, in connection with Federal Aid, to connect with route 6 of the State Highway System of the
State of Nevada, came on for discussion, and it appearing to the Board of City Commissioners that

by an Act of the Legislature of the State of Nevada, for the year 1923, the City Commissioners of

the City of Las Vegas have the authority to issue bonds in an amount not to exceed Fifty Thousand
($50,000.00) Dollars for the construction of a highway through the City of Las Vegas to connect with

Route 6 of the State Highway System under an act of the Legislature of the State of Nevada in convention 

assembled, entitled, "An Act authorizing the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, County of Clark, to issue bonds to provide for the construction of a highway through said
City of Las Vegas, to connect with Route 6 of the State Highway System of the State of Nevada, and
providing for the ratification thereof by special or general election before the issuance of any such
bonds," approved March 5, 1923, and

It further appearing to the Board that Thirty-Eight ($38,000.00) Dollars worth of said
authorized issue of bonds has been sold for the purpose above mentioned, and it also appearing that
the further sum of Sim Thousand ($6,000.00) Dollars is required for additional work in connection with
the further improvement of Fifth Street commencing at the comer of Fremont and Fifth Streets, thence
to the southwest city limits, a distance of approximately two miles, said improvement to be done in
connection with Federal Aid, and it further appearing to the Board of City Commissioners that the
amount of money now remaining in the State Highway Fund of the City of Las Vegas is in sufficient to
meet the cost of the improvement contemplated,

NOW THEREFORE, on motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner Smith, the qures-