



AND BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Clerk be and she is hereby directed so to notify the
City Treasurer.

Voting Commissioners Anderson, Shield, Matzdorf and Elwell and His Honor the Mayor W. C.
German, aye. Noes, none.

The question of the appointment of a Mayor Pro Tem coming on before the Board at this
time it was ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Anderson seconded by Commissioner Matzdorf, that
 Commissioner W. H. Elwell, be, and he is hereby appointed Mayor Pro Tem of the City of Las Vegas.
Voting an said motion Commissioners Anderson, Shield, Matzdorf and Elwell, and His Honor the Mayor
W. C. German, aye. Noes, None.

At this time the Mayor announced a change in the heads of departments as follows:

W. H. Elwell	Police and Fire Commissioner

A. R. Anderson	Street Commissioner

C. R. Shield	Water, Light and Sewer Commissioner

F. E. Matzdorf	Finance Commissioner.

On motion of Commissioner Elwell, seconded by Commissioner Matzdorf, it was ordered that

the Board adjourn until Tuesday, the 8th day of January, 1924, at the hour of seven-thirty O'clock

p. m.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK. OF THE
CITY OF LAS VEGAS,	-

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA, January 8, 1924.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 8th day of January, A. D. 1924, at the hour of
seven -thirty o'clock p. m. Present His Honor the Mayor W. C. German, with Commissioners A. R.

Anderson, C. R. Shield, F. E. Matzdorf and W. H. Elwell, together with the City Attorney and
City Clerk.

The claim of E. W. Cragin for services as stenographer in the sum of $8.00, which was
held up for investigation was ordered paid.

Upon motion of Commissioner Shield, seconded by Commissioner Matzdorf the Clerk was
directed to post and publish the following notice of Public Improvement in accordance With the
requirements of the Charter. Voting Commissioners Matzdorf, Anderson, Shield Elwell and His
Honor the Mayor W. C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

NOTICE OF PUBLIC IMPROVEMENT.

Notice is HEREBY GIVEN, that the Board of Commissioners of the
City Of Las Vegas propose to cause to be be constructed the sur-
facing 16 feet in width on each side of the proposed Las Vegas
Federal Aid Highway on Fremont Street in the City of las Vegas,
between Main and Fifth Streets, and including the intersections
with Main, First, Second, Third, and Fourth Streets and with the
alley between Main and First Streets. It is proposed to con-
struct a surface 5 inches thick (6 1/2 ins. loose) in accordance
with Department of Highways standard specification; using
screenings from the Nevada lime & Rock Company Quarry at Sloan,

Nevada. It is proposed to provide the expense of such constructs
inn to be paid by special assessment according to benefits of the
area affected by such improvement; such district being more
particularly described as the Los Angeles & Salt Lake R. R. Co.
station grounds (unplatted), South half of Blocks 2, 15, 18, 31
and 54 and the North Half of Blocks 3, 14, 19, 30 and 35 in
Clark's Las Vegas Townsite; all as more particularly described
in the plats and diagrams hereinafter mentioned.

Said Board will meet at the Commissioners' Room in the County
Court House at Las Vegas, Nevada on Monday, the 28th day of 
January, 1924 and consider any suggestions and objections that
may be made by parties in interest to the proposed improvements.

Estimates of the expense of said proposed improvements, and
plats and diagrams of the work and locality to be improved are
on file with the City Clerk for public examination.

Dated this 8th day of January, A. D. 1924.

City Clerk of Las Vegas, Nevada.