OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY

NEVADA.

March 22, 1926.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 22nd day of March, A. D. 1926, at the hour of three
o'clock p. m. Present Commissioners, Mundy, Hammond, Smith, Elwell, and his Honor the Mayor
J. F. Hesse, together with the City Attorney, F. A. Stevens, Esq., and the City Clerk.

This being the time appointed for action on the Resolution authorizing an emergency Loan
of $2400 for the purchase of a street truck, the same having been presented at a regular
adjourned meeting of this Board held on the 5th day of March, A. D. 1926, the Clerk thereupon
read the following notice:

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN, that at an adjourned regular meeting of the Board of City
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, to be held on Monday, the 22nd day of March, 1926,
at the hour of three o'clock of said last mentioned date, the following resolution will be
submitted to the vote of said Board of City Commissioners, viz:

RESOLUTION.

Whereas, it is imperatively necessary for the proper conduct of the work of the street
department of the City of Las Vegas, that an auto truck be purchased, and there is not on
hand nor will there be collected during the year 1926 sufficient moneys to permit of the
purchase of such auto truck and at the same time provide for the conduct of the ordinary
work of said department, and such moneys for the purchase of said auto truck can only
be procured through the securing of an emergency loan as by law provided, and

Whereas, for the purposes aforesaid it will be necessary for said City to borrow the
sum of Twenty-Four Hundred Dollars for a period of not to exceed two, and one-half years
by the issuance of the negotiable promissory note or notes of said City hearing interest

at the rate of not to exceed eight per cent, per annum, redeemable as by law provided out of

an emergency tax fund.

NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Board of City Commissioners of said City do
hereby authorize and empower the Mayor and City Clerk thereof to borrow for the purposes
aforesaid the sum of Twenty-four hundred, Dollars for a period of not to exceed two and
one-half years, and to issue as evidence thereof the negotiable promissory note or notes
of said City in the aggregate of said sum of Twenty-Four hundred Dollars, the issue to
bear interest, at the rate of not to exceed eight per cent, per annum, to be redeemable
at the option of this Board at any time when money is available in the Emergency tax Fund, to

be levied by said City at the first tax levy following the creation of such indebtedness as

by law provided.

Witness my hand and the seal of said City this 5th day of March, 1926.

Florence S. Doherty__________________________

City Clerk

Thereupon it appearing to the Board that an affidavit of publication has been filed,
showing that the above notice was published for two weeks (2 issues in the Las Vegas Age, a
weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, and it further appearing that there are
no protests against said Resolution, it was ordered on motion of Commissioner Elwell, seconded
by Commissioners Smith that the following Resolution be adopted:

RESOLUTION.

Whereas, it is imperatively necessary for the proper conduct of the work of the street
department of the City of Las Vegas that an auto truck be purchased, and there is not on hand
nor will there be collected during the year 1926 sufficient moneys to permit of the purchase

of said auto truck and at the same time provide the conduct of the ordinary work of said