BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the said Budget be signed in behalf of this Board by the Mayor
Pro Tem and attested to by the City Clerk and the same be filed with the city clerk and a
copy thereof be published for two publications, one week apart in the Clark County Review, a
weekly newspaper published in said city of Las Vegas. The vote on said resolution being as
follows, Commissioners Hodgens, and Arnold, Aye; Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

The Board then proceeded to take up the matter of the levy on taxes for the City of Las
Vegas, for the year 1922. Upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Arnold
,and duly carried the following resolution was adopted:

RESOLVED, that an ad volorem tax of eight cents on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable 

property, situate ,lying and being in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada ,be levied, collected
and paid for the year 1922, including the net proceeds of mines, except such property as is exempt 

from taxation, said tax be known as and used as the Las Vegas Sewerage Interest Fund .
  BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that an ad valorem tax of fourteen cents on each one hundred
dollars worth of taxable property situate, lying and being in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
be levied, collected and paid, for the year 1922, including the net proceeds of mines, except
such property as is exempt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as the Las Vegas
Sewerage Bond Sinking Fund.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that an ad valorem tax of five cents on each one hundred dol-
lars worth of taxable property situate, lying and being in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada ,
be levied, collected and paid for the year 1922, including the net proceeds of mines, except
such property as is exempt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as the Las Vegas
Cemetery fund.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that an ad valorem tax of twenty cents on each one hundred
dollars worth of taxable property situate ,lying and being in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
be levied and collected and paid for the year 1922 ,including the net proceeds of mines,
except such property as is exempt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as the
city General fund of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, an ad valorem tax of seventeen cents on each one hundred
dollars worth of taxable property situate, lying and being in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
be levied, collected and paid for the year 1922, including the net proceeds of mines, except
such property as is exempt from taxation, such tax to be known as and used as the Las
Vegas Street Fund.

  BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that an ad valorem tax of fifteen cents on each one hundred
dollars worth of taxable property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, be levied, collected and paid for the year 1922, including the net proceeds of
mines, except such property as is exempt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as
the Las Vegas Light Fund.

The vote upon this resolution being as follows: Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, and
His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

	RESOLVED, that the city clerk be hereby authorized and directed to notify the Board

of County Commissioners of Clark County, Nevada, of the tax rate established add levied by the
Board for the year 1922, and to direct said Board of County Commissioners to levy and cause
to be collected and paid. The vote upon said resolution was as follows, to-wit: Commissioners
Hodgens, Arnold, and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

	At this time the Clerk read for the first time an Ordinance, to be numbered 

Ordinance No. 88 of the City of Las Vegas entitled "An Ordinance to Amend Section Six (6)

Of Ordinance No 77 of the City of Las Vegas entitled' An ORdinance to Prohibit Gaming in the

City of Las Vegas without first obtaining a license therefor regulating the same, fixing the
amount of such license, and providing a penalty therefor, and repealing all ordinances in
conflict therewith, and repealing all Ordinances and parts of Ordinances in conflict with

such amendment. Upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Arnold and