Thereupon the Board took up the matter of the appointment of a City Marshall, where-
upon an order was made, on motion of Commissioner Neagle, seconded by Commissioner German, that
R. E. Lake, Jr., he appointed City Marshall at a salary of $200.00 per month, said appointment
to take effect upon the filing and approval of a pood and sufficient bond in the sum of One
Thousand ($1,000.00) Dollars, and upon his taking the oath of office required by law. Voting
on said motion Commissioners Mundy, Neagle, German, Smith, and His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse,
Aye. Noes, none.

An order was made, on motion of Commissioner Neagle, seconded by Commissioner German,
appointing Harold Case for office of Fire Chief.

Thereupon, on motion of Commissioner Neagle, seconded by Commissioner German, it was
ordered that the salary of the Nightwatchman Officer of the City of Las Vegas he fixed at the
sum of Two Hundred ($200.00) Dollars per month. Voting on said motion, Commissioners Mundy,
Neagle, German, Smith, and His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon, on motion of Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Mundy, it was
ordered that Joe May he appointed to the office of Nightwatchman, at the salary of $200.00 per
month.

Upon motion of Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Mundy the following Pre-
ambles and Resolution were duly adopted:

WHEREAS, it is the earnest desire of this Board that each of its
members shall be free at all times to act according to the dictates of
their own individual consciences, and not to be allied to any factions or
particular following, and

WHEREAS, experience has taught us that members of the City Board and
officers appointed by such Board are constantly importuned to go upon bail
bonds and other undertakings of like character, and that becoming such sure-
ties tends to hamper independent action of the surety and to alley such surety
with the person for which such assurance is made,

NOW THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED that the policy be and it is hereby adopted
that during the term for which this Board is elected no member of this Board
nor the City Attorney, nor the City Clerk go upon any such bail bond or under-
taking of like character.

The vote on such Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, Smith,

German, Neagle, and His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time the newly appointed City Attorney, F. A. Stevens, presented his bond

in the sum of One Thousand ($1,000.00) Dollars with O. K. Adcock and A. S. Henderson, as

sureties thereon, and it appearing to the Board that said bond is a good and sufficient

bond, it was ordered upon motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner German,

that said bond be and the same is accepted and approved, and it further appearing that

F. A. Stevens has taken the oath of office required by law, he was thereupon declared

qualified to enter upon the duties of the office of City Attorney of the City of Las Vegas,

Voting on said motion, Commissioners W. B. Mundy, German, Smith, Neagle, and His Honor the

Mayor, J. F. Hesse, aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the clerk presented the bond of R. E. Lake, Jr. as City Marshall of the
City of Las Vegas, in the sum of One Thousand ($1,000.00) Dollars, with E. W. Cragin and W.

H. Pike as sureties thereon, and it appearing to the Board that said bond is a good and suf-
ficient bond, it was ordered upon motion of Commissioner Germany, seconded by Commissioner
Mundy that said bond be and the same is hereby accepted and approved, and it further appear-
ing that the said R. E. Lake, Jr. has taken the oath of office required by law, he was
thereupon declared qualified to enter upon the duties of the office of City Marshall of the
City of Las Vegas, said motion being passed upon the unanimous vote of all present.

The bond of C. D. Breeze, the newly appointed municipal judge was then presented,
said bond being in the sum of One Thousand ($1,000.00) Dollars with Ed. Von Tobel and M. E.

Ward as sureties thereon, and it appearing to the Board that the same is a good and sufficient
Bond it was ordered upon motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Neagle that
the said bond be and the same is hereby accepted and approved, and it further appearing that
C. D. Breeze has taken the oath of office required by law, he was thereupon declared qualified