At this time it was ordered that the old fire truck be turned over to the Street de-
partment for use. This was on motion of Commissioner Blanding, seconded by Mayor Pro Tem Dentner.

Voting Commissioner Blanding, Arnold, Hodgens, and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon proposed Ordinance No. 97 of the City of Las egas, entitled "An Ordinance
of the City of Las egas, providing for the improvement of Fourth Street by constructing cement and
concrete sidewalk in front of Blocks Nos. 35, 36, and 29 of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite, and providing
for the payment therefor by special assessment" was read for the second time, and adopted on motion
of Commissioner Blanding seconded by Commissioner Arnold. Voting Commissioners Arnold, Blanding, and
Hodgens, and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon proposed Ordinance No. 98 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled "An Ordinance
concerning aeronautics and matters pertaining thereto" was read for the second time and passed and
adopted upon motion of Commissioner Blanding, seconded by Commissioner Hodgens, on the following vote:
Commissioners Arnold, Blanding, Hodgens, and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon, proposed Ordinance No. 99 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled "An Ordinance
to prohibit spitting upon public sidewalks and in other public places in the City of Las Vegas, was
read for the first time, and passed to the second reading upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, second-
ed by Commissioner Blanding, on the following vote: Commissioners Arnold, Blanding, Hodgens, and Mayor
Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time it was ordered, on motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Com-
missioner Arnold, that the salary of the City Attorney be, and the same is hereby raised to the
sum of One Hundred Dollars per month. Voting, Commissioners Arnold, Blanding and Hodgens, and Mayor
Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

thereupon, the Clerk presented the bond of Chas. A. Gibbs as Plumbing Inspector, in

the sum of One Thousand Dollars with Helen Reynolds and Peter Buol as sureties thereon, and it

appearing to the Board that the same is a good and sufficient bond, it was ordered, on motion of

Commissioner Blanding, seconded by Commissioner Arnold, that the same be approved. Voting Commissioners

Arnold, Blanding, and Hodgens, and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

It appearing to the Board that this is the time for considering the election to be

held for the purpose of electing a Mayor and four Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
it was the order of the Board , on motion of Commissioner Blanding, seconded by Commissioner
Hodgens, that the following Resolution be spread upon the minutes of the Board: Resolved that

"Under the provisions of Section 3 of the Charter of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,

a general election shall be held on the first Tuesday after the first Monday in May, every odd num-
bered year dating from the first Tuesday after the first Monday in May 1923, and it appearing 

therefrom that a General election for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, shall be held on the
first Tuesday after the first Monday in May, 1923, and the matter coming up regularly to be heard
and arrangements made therefor, cm motion duly made and carried, the following resolutions were
adopted, to-wit,:

RESOLVED that a general election be and the same is hereby ordered to be held, at the
City Fire House, situated on lot 23, block 15, of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite, in the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada, for Voting Precinct No. 1, and at the building known as the Public Library Building,
situate on Block 20 of said Clarks Las Vegas, Townsite, for Voting Precinct No. 2, on the 8th
day of May, 1923, for the Election of a Mayor and four Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas:
that the polls be opened at 8 o'clock a.m. and close at 6 o'clock p.m. on said day; that Mrs.

Grace E. Haight, Mrs. Elizabeth Pembroke and Mrs. Daisy Nungesser be and they are hereby appointed
inspectors of such election for Precinct No. 1, at the City Fire House, and that Mrs. Emma N.

Schuyler, Mrs. Marjorie L. McQuade, and Mrs. Luetta Gill, be and they are hereby appointed Inspectors