Elwell, Matzdorf, and His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the Mayor presented the name of F.A. Stevens, the nominee for the position of
City Attorney, and it was ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Com-
missioner Elwell, that F.A. Stevens be appointed City Attorney of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, said appointment to take effect upon his taking the oath of office required by
law and upon the filing and approval of a good and sufficient bond in the sum of one-
thousand dollars; and it was further ordered that W.C. German, the mayor of said City of
Las Vegas, be and he is hereby authorized to approve said bond when same shall be pre-
sented by Mr. Stevens. Voting: Commissioners Anderson, Elwell, Matzdorf and His Honor the
Mayor Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon it was ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Matzdorf, seconded by Com-
missioner Elwell, that the Board adjourn until the next regular meeting to be held on
Tuesday, the 28th day of January, A.D. 1925, at the hour of seven-thirty o'clock P.M. Voting
Commissioners Matzdorf, Anderson, Elwell, and His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, Aye. Noes,
none.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, OF THE

CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY,

NEVADA.

FEB. 3, 1925.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Clark County, Nevada, held on the 3rd day of February, A.D. 1925 , at the hour of seven-thirty o'clock
P.M. Present Hon. W.C. German, Mayor, with Commissioners A.R. Anderson, W. H. Elwell and F.R. Mat-
zdorf together with the City attorney F.A. Stevens and the City Clerk.

The minutes of the previous regular and special meetings were read, and there being no
omissions or corrections, were approved as read.

Reports of officers read, approved and ordered placed on file in the office of the
Clerk of the Board.

All bills allowed as per claim book on file in the Office of the Clerk. The Claim of
R. E. Cowan for services as City Police was reduced from the sum of $100 to $85 on recommendation
of the Police & Fire Commissioner.

At this time A.A. Hinman requesting the repeal of Ordinance No. 75 of the City of Las
Vegas. After listening to Mr. Hinmans statement an order was made, and motion of Commissioner El-
well, instructing the City Attorney to draw an ordinance repealing subdivision 27 of section 1 of
ordinance no. 75 of the City of Las Vegas. The vote on said motion was as follows:- Commissioners
Anderson, Elwell, Matzdorf and His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk read a communication from Mr. H. A. Whiteneck, principal of the
High School containing recommendations for the revision of the existing curfew law, whereupon and
order was made, upon motion of Commissioner Matzdorf, seconded by Commissioner Anderson, instructing
the City Attorney to draw an amendment to the curfew ordinance (Ordinance No. 20) conforming to the
recommendations contained in Mr. Whiteneck's letter.

An order was made upon motion of Commissioner Anderson, Seconded by Commissioner Elwell
directing the Clerk to draw a warrant in favor of E. W. Griffith & Son, in the sum of $60., the
balance due on contract for concrete cement sidewalk on the west side of second street.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the application of G. Lopez for a gaming license (two games)
at the Elwell building back of the First State Bank, the same having been therefore approved by the
Police and Fire Commissioner, whereupon it was ordered upon motion of Commissioner Anderson, that
said application be granted, Seconded by Commissioner Elwell. The Clerk was ordered to issue a 
gaming license for two games to the applicant, G. Lopez.