delivered at full pressure and

WHEREAS, the said supply of water owned, held
and controlled by said S.W. Craner is the only supply 

of water available for domestic use and fire
protection in said Back's Subdivision, and

WHEREAS, the said S.W. Craner ,not withstanding
the fact that he is and has been operating such pub-
lic convenience, supplying water to certain of the in-
habitants of said subdivision and making and collect-
ing charges therefor, the said S.W. Craner, capriciously
and arbitrarily refuses to extend water mains and con-
duits or to supply water to the residences or inhabi-
tants of said subdivision, except upon extortionate
and prohibitive terms, to the great damage of persons
already owning property in said subdivision and to the
discouragement of the growth and improvement of said
subdivision, which would otherwise take place if such
conduits were extended and water furnished on reason-
able terms, and

WHEREAS notwithstanding the existence of 

sufficient water pressure at the source of such supply, which
could be delivered to the consumers in said subdivi-
sion with a force sufficient for adequate fire purposes
at the homes, the said S.W. Craner, fails, neglects and
refuses to furnish op provide mains or conduits capa-
ble of carrying water at such pressure and allows said
water to be delivered at a greatly reduced and inad-
equate pressure, thereby permitting a menace to property
in said subdivision by fire and an insufficient supply
of water for domestic uses, and

WHEREAS, said S.W. Craner has in many instances
demanded and collected water rentals for many months in
advance and has repeatedly stated that he was under no
obligation to extend water service conduits or to fur-
nish water and would not do so, except upon such terms
as were agreeable to himself, and

WHEREAS by reason of the foregoing a condition
exists which menaces the safety, health, comfort and con-
venience of the residents of said Buck's Subdivision
and constitutes a menace to the property situate therein,

NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that complaint
be made by this Board on behalf of said City of Las Ve-
gas to the Public Service Commission of the said condition
existing with reference to the water service being made
or attempted by said S.W. Craner with the request that
investigation and action thereon be had by said Public
Service Commission to remedy such conditions.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that a certified copy of
the foregoing Preambles and Resolution be forwarded by
the Clerk of this Board to said Public Service Commission
with a certified copy of said Permit so heretofore
granted to said S.W. Craner, attached as a part of ana as
an "Exhibit A" to said Preambles and Resolution, and that the
same be considered a formal complaint, subject to amendment,
modification, or to be supplemented, as said Public Service
Commissioner may require.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the Mayor Pro Tem,

W.H. Dentner, Ray W. Gorton, Water, sewer and light Commissioner,
the City Attorney, F.A. Stevens and the City Clerk, Florence

S.	Doherty, be and they hereby are authorized to and directed
to conduct such correspondence with, and to furnish such data
and reports to said Public Service Commission in respect to
the matters hereinabove set forth, or in relation thereto,
as my be by them deemed necessary or desirable.

The vote on said resolution was as follows: Commissioners

Gorton, Arnold and Hodgens and His Honor, W.H. Dentner, Mayor pro tem



voting aye. Noes none.

Upon motion of Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, seconded by Commissioner Hodgens, and duly carried,

it was the order of the Board that the City Clerk be, and she is hereby authorized to write to
the State Highway Department at Carson City, Nevada, to ask for a Dodge Roadster from the surplus
War Supplies for the use of the City Commissioners in looking after the interests of the City;
and also to ask for one motor cycle for the use of the Police and Fire officers in discharging
the duties of their office.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the following petition:

Las Vegas, Nevada

To the Board of City Commissioners,

City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

We, the undersigned, property owners of Las Vegas City, do hereby
respectfully petition your Honorable Board to let a contract to
pave the West Side of Fourth Street between Garcia and Stewart
Streets, which will afterwards be assessed to each property owner
for his part of the pavement:

Name

Chas Briner	Howard Conklin	Mary Doyle Estate	L.V. Land &	Water Co.

A.S. Tracht	Mrs. W.B. Jones	E.W. Griffith	A.S. Jones

E.V. Hammond	Mrs. Oscar L. Peiffer	E.M. Mason	F.L. Duncan

Mrs Van Dyke	J.H. Ladd.	Thos. R. Hodgens	Hal L. Hewteson

		