Thereupon the Clerk presented the application of Albert James for a Gaming License in the
City of Las Vegas, said application having heretofore been approved by Police add Fire Commissioner 

Hodgens, and it was the order of the Board upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded
by Commissioner Arnold, and duly carried that said license be granted to said applicant. Voting
Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, Gorton, and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem Dentner Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk presented to the Board the application of G. Lopez for a Gaming
License in the City of Las Vegas, the same having been heretofore approved by Police add Fire
Commissioner Hodgens, and it was the order of the Board upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens,
seconded by Commissioner Arnold, and duly carried that said license be granted to said appli-
cant. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, Gorton and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye.
Noes, none.

There being no further business to comes before the Board at this time, it was the
order of the Board upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Gorton, and
duly carried that the Board stand adjourned until Wednesday, April 19th, A.D. 1922, at the hour
of seven thirty o'clock p.m.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
NEVADA, APRIL 19th, 1922, at 7:30 o'clock P.M.

At a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
to be held this the 19th day of April, A.D. 1922 at the hour of seven thirty o'clock p.m.

Present Commissioner Thos. R. Hodgens ,W.E Arnold, and Ray W. Gorton, City Attorney F.A. Stevens and City Clerk Florence S. Doherty
Therefore, there not being a quorum present, the meeting adjourned until five o'clock P.M., Thurs-
day the 20th day of April, A.D. 1922.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS
VEGAS, NEVADA, APRIL 20TH, 1922, five o'clock PM

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
Nevada, held on the 20th day of April, 1922, at the hour of five o'clock P.M.

Present: Mayor Pro tem Dentner, with members Ray W. Gorton, W. E. Arnold, together with
the City Attorney and Deputy City Clerk.

At this time the Clerk read for the first time Ordinance No. 92 of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, entitled: "An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas establishing a City Damp Ground, and
regulating the removal and disposal of rubbish, etc." On motion of Commissioner Arnold, sec-
onded by Commissioner Gorton, and duly carried, this Ordinance was passed to the second reading.



Voting Commissioners Arnold, Gorton and His Honor the Mayor pro tem Dentner aye. Noes none.

At this time the Clerk read and presented the Resolution drawn up to adopt the deed
of the Las Vegas Land and Water Company which conveys jointly to the County of Clark and City
of Las Vegas a fair grounds and auto camping grounds. An extended discussion was had upon
this matter by the commissioners present and it was decided that the City Attorney be directed
to consult with Mr. W.R. Bracken, Agent for the Las Vegas Land and Water Company at Las Vegas,
with regard to eliminating from the deed the clause which requires that a fair be held on these