OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.
Las Vegas, Nevada.

Dec. 15, 1922

At a special called meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
called by Mayor Pro Tem Dentner. Present Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, with Commissioners Arnold and
Hodgens, together with the City Attorney and City Clerk.

The Clerk proceeded to read the call for Special Meeting and Notice of Special Meeting as
follows:

CALL FOR SPECIAL MEETING.

Las Vegas, Nev. Dec. 14, 1922.

To -Mayor Pro. Tem. W. H. Dentner, and to Thos. R. Hodgens and William E. Arnold,

City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada:

You and each of you will please take notice, that pursuant to the call issued
by the Mayor Pro. Tem. of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, of which the foregoing is
a full, true and correct copy, a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, will be held at the regular meeting room of said
Board of City Commissioners, namely, in the County Commissioners' Room in the County
Court House at Las Vegas, Nevada, on Friday, the 15th. day of December, 1922, at
the hour of three o'clock P. M. of said last mentioned day, for the purpose of filling
for the unexpired term the office of Commissioner of the Fourth Class, due to the
resignation of Ray Gorton from such office and the consequent vacancy thereof, and to
read and act upon the minutes of the regular meeting of said Board of City Commissioners
held on the 6th. day of December, 1922. Your attendance at said meeting is hereby
required.

Witness my hand and the seal of said City of Las Vegas this 14th. day of
December, A. D. 1922.

City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas Nevada.

Due service of the above and foregoing Notice and Call is hereby admitted.

Thos. R. Hodgens.

W. E. Arnold 

	W. H. Dentner.

	

Thereupon the Clerk read the minutes of the previous meeting. Same were approved upon
motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Arnold, upon the following vote:
Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner. Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the Board took up for discussion the appointment of a Commissioner of the
Fourth Class to fill the vacancy left by the resignation of R.W. Gorton. The Clerk presented the
following applications:

Las Vegas, Nevada.

November 7,1922

To The Honorable, The Mayor and
City Commissioners, City of Las Vegas,

Las Vegas, Nevada.

Gentlemen:

I, W.R. Burns, do hereby respectfully submit this to be deemed and con-