Thereupon, the Clerk presented an application for a gaming license signed by O. M. Cowden
requesting a license for the operation of two gaming tables, his fee of $150 being previously
paid, and the application being approved by the Police and Fire Commissioner. It was ordered upon
motion of Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Mundy and duly carried that a license be
issued to said O. M. Cowden as requested.

Thereupon, the Clerk presented the application of A. T. McCarter for a license for the oper-
ation of two gaming tables, the fee of $150 being paid and said application being approved by the
Police and Fire Commissioner. Upon motion duly made, seconded and carried it was ordered that the
license be issued.

Thereupon, the Clerk presented the application of Stocker Bros. for a license for the 
operation of two gaming tables, the fee of $150 being paid and the application being approved by the
Police and Fire Commissioner. Upon motion duly made, seconded and carried it was ordered that the
license by issued.

Upon motion duly made, seconded and carried it was ordered that the moneys turned in by the
Municipal Judge and City Clerk for the month of June, 1927, be apportioned as follows: the sum of
$871.40 to the Police and Fire Fund and the sum of $606.10 to the General Fund.

Mr. A. E. Cahlan, manager and editor of the Las Vegas Review, appeared at this time and made
a proposition to the Board wherein he would print 100 copies of all city ordinances heretofore pub-
lished, on paper prepared for insertion into binders, and 50 binders for the purpose of binding said
ordinances, for the sum of $250. After general discussion this proposition was laid over for future
consideration.

No further business appearing it was ordered upon motion duly made that this Board adjourn
until Friday, the 8th of July, 1927, at the hour of three o'clock P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. Las Vegas Nevada. July 8, 1927.

At an adjourned regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, held on the 8th day of July, 1927, at the hour of three o'clock P. M.

Present: His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse; Commissioners W. B. Mundy, and Roy Neagle, together
with the City Attorney and Clerk; Commissioners O. J. Smith and W. C. German being absent.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

At this time the Clerk presented the claim of Callihan & Turner for balance of sum due them
at a later date for the construction of sidewalk on the east side of south Fourth Street, amounting
to $337.25. Thereupon, on motion duly made, seconded and carried it was ordered that the claim be
paid and a warrant drawn on the Treasurer to cover the same.

No further business appearing it was ordered upon motion duly made that this meeting adjourn
until Saturday, the 9th day of July, 1927, at the hour of three o'clock P. M.