OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

January 21st, 1929.

At a regular recessed meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 21st day of January, 1929, at the hour of three
o'clock, P. M.

PRESENT: His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Commissioners W. B. Mundy, W. C. German
together with the City Attorney and Clerk and Engineer for the City.

ABSENT:	Commissioners O. J. Smith and Roy Neagle.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

Commissioner German tendered the resignation of F. B. Blakeley from the office of
Plumbing Inspector for the City of Las Vegas, which resignation was duly adopted, upon
motion duly made, seconded and carried.

Thereupon Mr. German submitted the name of W. P. Hauser and requested his appointment
to the office of Plumbing Inspector. Upon motion duly made, seconded and carried, the
said W. P. Hauser was appointed to said office of Plumbing Inspector, contingent upon his
filing a good and sufficient Bond in the amount of One Thousand Dollars ($1000.00), such
Bond to be approved by the Mayor, and his taking the Oath of Office. It was further ordered,
upon motion duly carried, that said W. P. Hauser as Plumbing Inspector be paid at the rate
of One Hundred Fifty Dollars ($150.00) per month, based upon eight hours work as constituting
a days work.

It appearing to the Board that the office of the City Clerk is in need of extra help ,
it was ordered, upon motion duly made, seconded and carried that the City Clerk be, and
he hereby is given authority to engage such extra help as may be necessary to properly
conduct the business of his office, and that the expense of employing such extra help shall
be borne and paid by the City of Las Vegas, said extra help being paid a salary of not to
exceed the sum of Ninety Dollars ($90.00) per month; this order to take effect as of the
16th day of January, 1929.

Thereupon a recess was declared, upon motion duly carried, to Wednesday the twenty-third
day of January, 1929, at the hour of three o'clock, P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

January 24th, 1929.

At a regular recessed meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 24th day of January, 1929, at the hour of
three o'clock, P. M.

PRESENT: His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Commissioners W. B. Mundy, W. C. German and O. J.
Smith, together with the City Attorney, Clerk- and Engineer for the City.

ABSENT:	Commissioner Roy Neagle.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

This being the time set for the opening of bids for the construction of oil bound gravel
pavement and cement concrete curbs, on certain streets in the City of Las Vegas as prescribed
by Ordinance No. 151, the Engineer for the City handed the Clerk two sealed bids, which were
opened upon direction of the Mayor. The first opened was the bid of Gibbons & Reed Company,
their total bid being the sum of $97,425.82. The second opened was the bid of R. A. Watson
in the sum of $94,018.95. Upon motion by Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Mundy,
both bids were rejected, the vote being as follows: Commissioners W. B. Mundy, W. C. German,

O. J. Smith and His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, voting aye; noes, none.

Thereupon, upon motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Mundy, the following
resolution was duly adopted: BE IT RESOLVED that the previous order of this Board under date
of December 6th, 1928, approving specifications for construction of oil bound gravel pavements
and cement concrete curbs be, and it is hereby rescinded, and the Engineer for the City is
hereby authorized and directed to draw up new specifications for oil bound gravel pavements
and cement concrete curbs to be constructed on certain streets in the City of Las Vegas as
specified in Ordinance No. 131, such specifications to be approved by this Board; the vote
on same being as follows: Commissioners W. B. Mundy, W. C. German and O.J. Smith and his
Honor the Mayor, voting aye; noes, none.

Thereafter a recess was declared until Saturday the 26th day of January, 1929, at the hour of
7:30 P. M.