systems suitable for use in a small municipality while in Los Angeles, advising him that what-
ever expenses were incurred in this connection would be paid for by the City of Las Vegas.

The matter of street paving decision to be given at this time was held in abeyance, due to
the absence of the City Engineer, Mr. A. P. Slocum.

An ordinance entitled:

An Ordinance to amend, revise and re-enact Section 7 of Ordinance No. 48 of the City
of Las Vegas, entitled: "An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas, licensing, for the
purpose of regulation and revenue every kind of lawful business hereinafter specified,
transacted or carried on within the corporate limits of the City of Las Vegas, State
of Nevada, fixing the rates of license tax upon the same and providing for the collection
of said license tax, and a punishment for carrying on or conducting any such business
without a license, and repealing Ordinances Nos. 1, 2, 4, 13, 14 and 35," approved
December 3, 1913, and repealing all Ordinances or parts of ordinances in conflict
therewith.

was read for the first time, and, upon motion duly made, seconded and carried, was laid over
for a second reading.

No further business appearing, the meeting was recessed until Thursday, March 5th, 1929,
at the hour of 7:30 P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

March 5th, 1929.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Clark County, Nevada, held on the 5th day of March, 1929, at the hour of seven-thirty o'clock,
p. M.



PRESENT: His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. C. German, Roy Neagle and,
W. B. Mundy, together with the Engineer for the City, City Attorney and Clerk.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

At this time the Clerk read to the Board the following letter from A. P. Slocum, Engineer
for the City of Las Vegas:

"	Las Vegas, Nev. March 5, 1929

To the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Las Vegas, Nevada.

Gentlemen:

I hereby propose, in the event you accept the bid of Roche-Axman Company for the
construction of curbs and pavement under the proceeding heretofore had, in consideration
of the compensation fixed in my contract with you as City Engineer, or Engineer for the
purpose of said improvements, and in consideration of the acceptance by you of such bid
so that such improvement may proceed, and in consideration of the payment to me of the
additional sum of One Dollar ($1.00), to either act as Inspector of such improvement, or
in case of my illness or inability for any reason, to provide at my own expense an In-
spector, as contemplated by the specifications, general conditions and the contract
as heretofore submitted and adopted by you; it being understood that this proposition
does not prevent you from providing additional or substitute Inspector acceptable to us
as provided in my contract with you as Engineer.

This proposal is subject to immediate acceptance.

Respectfully submitted,

A. P. Slocum.