Las Vegas, said bank will deliver to you $52.80 (Fifty-two
& 80/100 Dollars) in cash, which sum I have deposited
therein for the said jail and pound ,with the understanding
that the city is to retain and remove both the cahe from
the jail and the wooden structure that has been used for
housing dogs from the premises.

I have been very patient and business- like with yon
in the matter and trust yon will appreciate my position.

I can do no improving nor building until the burros ,cows,
mischievous colored boys and others quit frequenting my
premises and all of this occasioned by your jail and pound
being left on my premises.

Yours respectfully,

Frank M. Ryan.

whereupon, it was the order of the Board, upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commi-
ssioner Arnold, and duly carried, that Fire and Police Commissioner Thomas R. Hodgens, be and he
is hereby authorized to accept the offer of Frank M. Ryan, and to execute a Bill of Sale from
the city to Mr. Ryan. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, Gorton and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye.
Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the following communication:

Las Vegas, June 10th, 1922

To the Honorable Mayor and Board of Trustees,

For the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada.

We, the undersigned, citizens and residents
of the City of Las Vegas, respectfully petition your
honorable Board calling attention to a condition that
prevails on the vacant lot situated on the corner of
1st street and Bonniville Street; this condition being
an open corral with stock, which breeds flies and stench,
making it very undesirable for the neighborhood. We, therefore
consider this a nuisance as stock should be kept in a
building in our opinion and not kept oat in an open corral
near dwellin houses. We would, therefore, request that your
Honorable Board take steps to have this unsanitary condition
eliminated.

Respectfully submitted;

C.E. Miller	Etta M. Harris

H.A. Clark,	W.L. Webb

Harvey C, Thompson	B. Golden

O.K. Adcock	J.J. Weiser

Leo A. Crowley	Mrs. Wm. E. Mott

T.	Chappell	Mrs. C.M. Bailey

Mrs. W.S. Rhoads	D.M. Webb

Elbert Howard	H.W. Curtis

Mrs. Frank Brickie A.O.Hiatt	Mrs. Jas. P. McGarvie

E.D. Blenkenship	W.P. Sprunt

L.P. Mercer

Thereupon, it was the order of the Board upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded
by Commissioner Arnold, and duly carried, that a notice be served upon the owner of the
above mentioned corral and stock, stating that complaint has been made, and suggesting that
said party remove corral outside of the residence district of the city to avoid being
arrested and fined. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold and Gorton and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner,
Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the following proclamation was adopted and ordered published for one
week (one issue) in the Las Vegas Review. Said order was upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens,
seconded by Commissioner Gorton, and duly carried upon the following vote: Commissioners Hodgens,
Arnold, Gorton, and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye.	Noes, none.

PROCLAMATION.

WHEREAS it is deemed fitting to observe with appropriate ex-
ercises Independence Day the 4th day of July, 1922, and a pro-
gram therefor has been made,

Now, therefore, I, W.H. Dentner, Mayor Pro Tem of the City of
Las Vegas, do hereby request all citizens to join in such
exercises, and in order to make the same a safe and sane Fourth,
hereby request the people to observe the following regulations
established by the Board of City Commissioners, relating there-
to;

1.	No fireworks shall be set off in any building, yard or