arisen in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that
necessity now exists for authorizing the obtaining of a temporary loan by

for the purpose of meeting such emergency as expressed in and shown by the
preamble and resolution unanimously adopted at a meeting of said Board of
City Commissioners duly called and held on the 29th day of June, 1925,
authorizing a temporary loan for the purpose set forth in said resolution, a
duly certified copy of which is now on file and of record in the office of the
State Board of Finance: and



WHEREAS, It further appearing that notice of intention to adopt said emergency
resolution was duly published according to law: therefore, be it

RESOLVED, By the State Board of Finance, that said act and resolution of said
Board of City Commissioners, Las Vegas, Nevada, State of Nevada, authorizing
a temporary Iowan of fifteen Hundred Dollars as in said resolution set forth and
authorized, be and the same is hereby approved; and be it further

RESOLVED, That a duly certified copy of this resolution be transmitted by the
Secretary of the State Board of Finance of said Board of City Commissioners,

Las Vegas, Nevada, in order that the same may be recorded in the minutes of
the meeting of said Board of City Commissioners, as provided by law.

I,	George M. Southward, certify that I am the duly authorized and acting Sec-
retary of the State Board of Finance and that the foregoing is a full, true,

	and correct copy of a resolution duly adopted by unanimous vote of the State

Board of Finance at a meeting held on the second day of July, 1925.

Dated this second day of July, 1925.

and

WHEREAS, First State Board of Las Vegas, Nevada, Incorporated, has offered
to loan said City the sum of Fifteen Hundred Dollars for a period of two
and one half years, with interest from date of loan to maturity and until
paid at the rate of six per cent per annum payable at maturity,

LOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Mayor and City Clerk, in pursuance
of said Resolution, adopted by this Board and approved by said State Board
of Finance, as aforesaid, be and they are hereby authorized and directed to
borrow for the purposes set forth in said Resolution the sum of Fifteen
Hundred Dollars for a period of two years and one half from the date of
such loan, and execute and deliver on behalf of said City of Las Vegas its
promissory note in said sum of Fifteen Hundred Dollars, to be payable on or
before two and one half years from the date thereof, and to bear interest
at the rate of six per. cent per annum to be redeemable at the option of this
Board at any time when money is available in the Emergency Tax Fund, to be
known as the "City of Las Vegas, Nevada Emergency Tax", to be levied by this
City at the first tax levy following the creation of such indebtedness as by
law provided.

Thereupon, on motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Smith, and duly carried
the following Preambles and Resolution were duly adopted on the following vote: Commissioners
Lundy, Smith and His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Aye. .Noes, none.

There being me further business to come before the Board at this time, it was ordered, upon
motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Smith, that the Board adjourn until the
next regular meeting to be held on the first day of October, 1925, at the hour of three o'clock
P.M. The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and Smith, and Bis Honor
the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, voting aye. Noes, none,