same were ordered filed in the office of the Clerk of the Board. It was further ordered, upon

motion of Commissioner Shield, seconded by Commissioner Matzdorf, that the Clerk be and she
is hereby directed to give notice of the intention of the Board to make such proposed improve-
ment by publication and posting notices as required by law. Voting Commissioners Matzdorf ,
Shield, Anderson and Elwell and His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

It was thereupon ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner
Shield that the Board adjourn until Monday the 21st day of April, at the hour of seven-thirty
o'clock P.M. when it shall meet to hear protests against the above referred to sidewalk im-
provement and to attend to such other matters as may come before the Board at that time. Voting
Commissioners Matzdorf, Shield, Anderson and Elwell, and His Honor the Mayor, W C. German, Aye.
Noes, none.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAB VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

APRIL 21, 1924.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, held on the 21st day of April A.D. 1924, at the hour of seven-thirty o'clock
p.m. Present His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, with Commissioners F.E. Matzdorf, W.H. Elwell,
A.R. Anderson and C.A. Shield, together with the City Attorney and City Clerk.

At this time H. Case appeared before the Board with regard to the purchase of ad-
ditional fire equipment. Thereupon, on motion of Commissioner Shield seconded by Commissioner
Anderson it was ordered that the Clerk be and she is hereby directed to order the supplies needed.

Thereupon the Clerk read for the second time proposed Ordinance No. 105 of the City
of Las Vegas, entitled "An ordinance to amend Subdivision number 19 of section 2 of ordinance
No. 81 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled "An Ordinance to amend Section Seven (7) of Ord-
inance No. 48 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled "An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas, lic-
ensing, for the purpose of regulation and revenue, every kind of lawful business hereinafter
specified, transacted or carried on within the corporation limits of the City of Las Vegas,

State of Nevada, fixing the rates of license tax upon the same and providing for the collect-
ion of said license tax, and a punishment for carrying on or conduction any such business with-
out a license, and repealing Ordinance Nos. 1, 2, 4, 13, 14 and 35, approved December 3, 1913, and
and amended Dec. 13, 1915 by ordinance no. 62 of the City of Las Vegas, and further amended
March 5, 1919 by Ordinance No. 74, and repealing all ordinances or parts of Ordinances in con-
flict therewith." Whereupon it was ordered upon motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by
 Commissioner Matzdorf that said Ordinance be passed, to take effect immediately after publication 

for one week (one issue) in the Las Vegas Review. Voting on said motion, Com-
missioners Matzdorf, Anderson, Shield, Elwell and His Honor the Mayor W.C. German, Aye.

Noes, none. 

This being the time set for hearing protests against the proposed side walk
construction and it appearing that there are no protests whatsoever, thereupon the Clerk
read for the first time proposed Ordinance No. 106 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled "An
Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas providing for the improvement of Second Street by con-
structing cement and concrete sidewalk in front of Block Nos. 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14 and 15 of
Clark's has Vegas Townsite, and providing for the payment therefor by special assessment."