LAS VEGAS NEVADA CHAMBER 0F COMMERCE,
By Leslie R. Saunders, Ex. Secy.

At their meeting of July 25th the Beard of Directors instructed the
Secretary to write you again and call your attention to the fact
that no response had been had from you to their previous letter, which
is quoted herein and to request you to kindly acknowledge receipt of
same and state you attitude on their request.

Most respectfully yours,

Leslie R. Saunders.

It appearing to the Board that there were a large number of members of the Camber of
Commerce and other citizens present for the discussion of the proposed ordinance relating to
"fire limits" and "fire-proof buildings", it was moved by Commissioner Arnold, and seconded by
Commissioner Gorton that an amendment to the proposed ordinance No. 96, as proposed by Commissioner
Arnold, be substituted for the original draft of Ordinance No. 96 and read for the first time. Vot-
ing Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold and Gorton, Aye. Noes, none, Thereupon the Clerk read for the
first time the proposed amendment to Ordinance No. 96 entitled " An Ordinance to amend Section 1
of Ordinance No. 27 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled "An Ordinance Fixing the Fire Limits of the
City of Las Vegas, regulating building construction and the keeping of combustibles and explosives
and to amend Section 7 of said Ordinance No. 27,as amended by Section 4 of Ordinance No. 72, en-
titled "An Ordinance amending Sections 2,3,6 and 7 of Ordinance No. 27 of the City of Las Vegas, en-
titled; 'An Ordinance Fixing the Fire Limits of the City of Las Vegas, regulating building construc-
tion and the keeping of combustibles and explosives,' and to further amend said Ordinance No. 7
by adding thereto five new Sections ,to be known as Sections 6a, 6b, 6c, 6d and 6e, respectively, and
to repeal all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict therewith.

Followed a general discussion of the amendment as proposed, and no further action was taken
upon the same at this time.

	The Board was requested at this time to appropriated the sum of, two the sand dollars for

the improvement of the park and fair ground owned jointly by the City and County. After some dis-
cussion the following communication was presented to the Board:

Las Vegas, Nevada.

August 2nd,1922.

To the Honorable Board of City Commissioners,

Las Vegas, Nevada.

Gentlemen:

We, the undersigned, executive committee representing the Feder-
ated Shop Crafts of Las Vegas Nevada, earnestly request your Honorable
Board at its meeting to be held on this ' te to devise some ways and means,
if possible, to take toe necessary appropriation to meet the County of
Clark proposition for the starting of preliminary work upon the Fair
Grounds in the City of Las Vegas. This request is made for the purpose of
making it possible for the employing of a number if men who are at the
present time without employment, and who, if given the opportunity by the
starting of this work, would be able to meet the necessities of life.

We also feel that under the present conditions now existing, that
any employment along this line which shall be the means of patting to work
large bodies of men will be beneficial to the community, as it will be the
means of placing in circulation currency which will help relieve the
present conditions as now exist.

We therefore, earnestly request that you use your best efforts
to devise ways and means for starting this work, Thanking you, we remain,

Very truly yours,

__________Chas. Murphy

John Sommerville

E.L. Woodman
Frank Brickie

__________W. Wright

Executive Committee for the
Federated Shop Crafts of Las
Vegas, Nevada.

Thereupon, after farther discussion of the matter, it was the order of the Board, upon

motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Gorton, and duly carried that the following

Resolution be spread upon the minutes of the Board:

" Resolved that the City Commissioners favor the donation of Two Thousand ($2,000.00)
Dollars .'or the improvement of the City and County Park and Fair Grounds, for this year".

Voting on said Resolution Commissioners Arnold, Gorton and Hodgens, Aye. Noes, none.