OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE
CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

June 7, 1922.

At a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
held on the 7th day of June, A.D. 1922 at the hoar of four o'clock p.m. Present Commissioners
Thomas R. Hodgens, W.E Arnold, and R.W. Gorton, Together with the City Attorney and City Clerk,,
Mayor Pro Tem W.H. Dentner being absent. On account of the absence of Mayor Pro Tem Dentner,
the meeting was adjourned, upon motion duly made and carried, until the hour of seven-thirty o'clock
p.m. of said day.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, NEVADA. June 7, 1922.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, held on the 7th day of June, A.D. 1922, at the hour of seven-thirty o'clock p.m. Present
His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem W.H. Dentner, with Commissioners Thomas R. Hodgens, W.E. Arnold and
R.W. Gorton, together with the City Attorney and City Clerk.

Minutes of the last regular meeting and the special called meeting were read and approved

as read.

Reports of officers read, approved and ordered placed on file in the office of the Clerk
of this Board.

Bills allowed as per claim book on file with the clerk of his Board excepting the claim
of the Electric Shop for $100.00 which was laid over for investigation.

Thereupon the following Preambles and Resolution were duly adopted upon motion of
Commissioner Gorton, seconded by Commissioner Hodgens and carried upon the following vote; Com-
missioners Hodgens, Arnold and Gorton and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, voting Aye. Noes, none.

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, at a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, held on the 15th day of March, 1922 a resolution
was regularly introduced, as follows;

"RESOLUTION.

WHEREAS a great necessity exists for the acquisition by the
City of Las Vegas of additional equipment for the fire department, to-wit
a fully equipped fire truck with centrifugal pump, chemical equipment,
and approximately 1000 feet of fire hose, in that the present equipment
is wholly inadequate, and without such new equipment there is a constant
menace to the safety of the lives and property of the inhabitants of this
City, and

WHEREAS, the funds available for the conduct of said Fire Depart-
ment daring the year 1922 are not sufficient for use to any extent towards
the purchase of the above-mentioned equipment, and

WHEREAS, for the purposes aforesaid it will be necessary for said
City to borrow the sum of Three Thousand Dollars for a period of two years
by the issuance of the negotiable note, or notes, of said City, bearing
interest at the rate of not to exceed eight per cent per annum, redeemable
as by law provided, out of an Emergency Tax Fund.

 NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Board of City Commissioners
of said City of Las Vegas do hereby authorize and empower the Mayor Pro
Tem and City Clerk to borrow for the purposes aforesaid the sum of Three
Thousand Dollars for a period not to exceed Two and One-half years, and
issue as evidence thereof the negotiable promissory note or notes of said
City in the aggregate of said sum of Three Thousand Dollars ,the issue
to bear interest at the rate of not to exceed six per cent per annum, to
be redeemable at the option of this Board at any time when money is 
available in the Emergency Tax Fund, to be known as "City of Las Vegas,

Nevada Emergency Tax", to be levied by this City at the first tax levy
following the creation of such indebtedness as by law provided.

Dated this 15th day of March, A.D. 1922", and
WHEREAS subsequent to the introduction of said Resolution
said Resolution was published in the Las Vegas Review, a weekly news-
paper published in the City of Las Vegas, for two publications, one week
apart, together with notice of the intention of said Board of City Com-
missioners to act upon said Resolution in form and substance as required

by law, and