whereupon, after due discussion, it was the opinion of the Board that the City of Las Vegas
was not financially able to let a contract for said sidewalk at this time, but that it would be

agreeable to the Board if the signers of the petition let their own contract or contracts, and

that the City would have work inspected when completed, and would out in the curbing and corners.

The Clerk was directed so to notify the signers of the petition.

Local electricians appeared before the Board with a request that the Board pass an
ordinance regulating electric wiring and requiring a permit and inspection. After discussion it was
the order of the Board upon motion of Commissioner Gorton, seconded by Commissioner Hodgens, and
duly carried, that the City Attorney be and he is hereby directed to communicated with the Secre-
tary of Fire Insurance Underwriters at San Francisco, California, and endeavour to get data on sim-
ilar ordinances passed by other towns of comparative size. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Gorton
and Arnold, and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time the Clerk read for the second time Ordinance No. 92 of the City of Las
Vegas, entitled "An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas establishing a City Dump Ground, and regu-
lating the removal and disposal of rubbish, etc. Thereupon, on motion of Commissioner Hodgens, sec-
onded by Commissioner Arnold, the above entitled ordinance was passed, and the vote was as follows:
Commissioners Arnold, Gorton and Hodgens, and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem Dentner Aye. Noes, none.

At this time the Clerk read the following communication:

Las Vegas, Nevada.

May 3,1922.

To the Honorable Mayor and City Commissioners,

Las Vegas, Nevada.

Gentlemen:

Herewith present for your consideration a new map
showing the various sub-divisions of blocks and lots embraced
in the City of Las Vegas, including the recently platted Haw-
kins and Park View Additions.

My object in making said map was to get an up-to-date
plat showing all of the sub-divisions to which house numbers may be
added. The present house numbering map does not show the original
town site and furthermore it was never adopted by the people
	as it did not satisfy the residents. For instance, every eight

feet north and south was given a number and every six feet east
and west was given a number ,instead of each 25 feet being given
a number as is usual in most cities. Also, the map you have gives
the first tier of lots in Clark's Las Vegas Townsite adjacent
to railroad and running east therefrom No. 100 etc. Main and Fremont
Street, Main and Ogden street, etc., the next tier of blocks No. 200
etc., from 2nd street No. 300 etc. This method of numbering is con-
fusing to many as the 100 blocks numbered are in second tier of
blocks.

It is suggested, providing your Honorable Body deems
that a sensible house numbering map is wanted, that your Mayor
and City Street Commissioner be authorized to furnish me with a
system of house numbering to be placed on the map herewith, pre-
sented for your consideration and tentative approval.

My price for the map fully completed as to house num-
bering will be $60.00 which barely covers the cost of labor or
producing it. Should this price be satisfactory will you please
authorize your Clerk and Treasurer to issue a warrant payable
to my order for above sum upon delivery of map mounted upon
cloth.

Respectfully submitted,

J.T. McWilliams,

Civil Engineer.

	The Board was of the opinion that no such action should be taken at this time.

At this time there being no further business to come before the Board this

meeting was adjourned upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Gorton, and

duly carried, until the 17th day of May, A.D. 1922, at the hour of seven o'clock P.M. The vote

upon said motion being as follows; Commissioners Hodgens, Gorton Arnold, and His Honor the Mayor

Pro Tem Dentner. Aye. Noes, none.