and situated in the NW 1/4 of Section 35, Township 20 South, Range 61 East, was presented to
the Board for approval, and said plat having been approved by the City Planning Commission,
it was ordered, upon motion duly carried, that the Mayor approve said plat and the Clerk
attest the sane.

Thereafter a recess was declared until Monday the 18th day of February, 1929, at the
hour of 7:30 o'clock, P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

February 18th, 1929.

At a regular recessed meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 18th day of February, 1929, at the hour of
seven-thirty o'clock, P. M.

PRESENT: His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B. Mundy,

W. C. German and Roy Neagle, together with the City Attorney and Clerk.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

At this time the Clerk read to the Board proposed amendments to the Charter of the
City of Las Vegas, which amendments were approved as to substance and referred to the City
Attorney for final approval.

Thereafter followed a lengthy discussion as to the proposition of an airport for
the City of Las Vegas; Mr. P. A. Simon, local representative of the Texaco Company and
another representative of the Texaco Company being present.

Thereafter a recess was declared until Wednesday, the 20th day of February, 1929,
at the hour of 7:30 o'clock, P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

February 20th, 1929.

At a regular recessed meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 20th day of February, 1929, at the hour of
seven-thirty o'clock, P. M.

PRESENT: His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B. Mundy,

W. C. German, together with the City Attorney and Clerk.

ABSENT: Commissioner Roy Neagle.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

At this time the Clerk presented to the Board a petition requesting installation
of ornamental street lights on certain streets in this city, said petition having been
unofficially referred to the City Clerk at a previous date. The company in said petition
wanted a letter from the Clerk stating his findings in said petition against the tax roll
of this city. This matter was then laid over for further consideration.

Thereupon the Clerk was directed to write to the Pacific Coast Building Officials
Conference and request them to inform this board as to which cities in southern California
have adopted, by reference, the uniform building code edition of 1927 of said Pacific
Coast Building Officials Conference.

The Clerk was directed to wire to the two Nevada United States Senators and the
representative from Nevada at Washington, D. C., and request them to extend to the
government for federal purposes the use of not to exceed five (5) acres of the former
fair ground in this city, which parcel of land the city expects to repossess in a short
time.

A form of lease presented by Mr. P. A. Simon of the City of Las Vegas was then
read to the board and discussed at length. Thereafter the following resolution was
presented, and upon motion by Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner German, was
duly adopted:-