 OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS NEVADA.

August 23rd, 1922.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, held on the 33rd day of August, A.D. 1922, at the hour of seven-thirty o'clock p.m. Present
Mayor Pro Tem W.H. Dentner with Commissioners Thos. R. Hodgens, W.E. Arnold and R.W. Gorton, together
with the City Attorney and City Clerk.

At this time a committee from the Chamber of Commerce, consisting of Dr. R.W. Martin, Leslie

R. Saunders , and Ed. W. Clark, together with a number of interested citizens appeared before the
Board for the purpose of discussing the possibility of obtaining a redaction in the school tax rate.
After listening to a number of speakers, W.H. Hunting, Clerk of the School Board made the statement that
the matter would be thoroughly gone into at a meeting of the School Board, and a decision made as

to whether the tax rate could be lowered.



Upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Arnold, and duly
carried it was decided to display a map of the city upon the screen at the picture show for the
purpose of informing citizens that house numbers can now be procured from the City Clerk. Voting
Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold and Gorton and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

Upon motion of Commissioner Gorton, seconded by Commissioner Hodgens, and duly carried
the Street Commissioner was authorized to sell the remains of the old water wagon truck at the
best available price. Voting Commissioner Hodgens, Arnold, Gorton and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye.

Noes, none.

Upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Arnold, and duly carried
the Board adjourned until the next regular meeting to be held on the 6th day of September, A.D., 1922 at
the hour of seven o'clock P.M. Voting Commissioners Arnold, Gorton, Hodgens, and Mayor Pro Tem
Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEV.

Sept. 6, 1922.

At a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County,
Nevada, held on the 6th day of September, A.D. 1922, at the hour of seven o'clock P.M. Present
His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem ,W.H. Dentner, with members Thos. R. Hodgens, and W.E. Arnold, together
with the City Attorney and City Clerk, Commissioner R.W. Gorton being absent.

The minutes of the last meeting were read and approved as read, upon motion of Commission-
er Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Arnold. Voting Commissioners Hodgens Arnold and Mayor Pro Tem
Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

Reports of officers read, approved and ordered placed on file.

All bills allowed as per claim book on file with the Clerk of this Board excepting
the following: the claim of W.S. Rhoads for $4.78 was rejected on the grounds that more than
six months had expired since the contraction of the claim; the claim of Ed. Von Tobel Lumber Co.
in the sum of $1.40 was ordered returned with instructions to have same presented to the F.S.
and W.W. Hirsch Co. of Los Angeles, Cal; the claim of Gorton and Hood for $9.75 was ordered held
for farther investigation.

A discussion of water service coming on before the Board, it was ordered, upon motion
of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, that the Clerk be and she is hereby

directed to notify W.R. Bracken, Agent of the Las Vegas Land and Water Company that if the com-