missioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Arnold. Voting on said motion Commissioners Hodgens,
Arnold and Blanding, and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none,

Reports of officers read, approved and ordered placed on file in the office of the

Clerk.

All claims allowed as per claim book on file in the office of the Clerk of this
Board, excepting the claim of Standard Oil Company in the sum of $3.73, these items having
been included in another claim submitted at this time.

At this time Health officer Dr. E.C. Bulette made his monthly report to the Board, and 
upon his recommendation, it was the order of the Board, on motion of Commissioner Blanding,
seconded by Commissioner Hodgens, that the City Attorney be, and he is hereby, instructed to
draw up an ordinance to prevent spitting upon the streets and in public places. Voting on said
motion Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, and Blanding, and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none,

At this time it was the order of the Board , upon motion of Commissioner Blanding, 
seconded by Commissioner Arnold that the Clerk give notice of the hearing for the protest against
the construction of sidewalk on Fourth Street. Voting on said resolution Commissioners Hodgens,
Arnold, and Blanding and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time the Clerk presented the Application of G. Lopez for a gaming license
on First Street (2 games) the same having been theretofore approved by Police and Fire
Commissioner Hodgens, whereupon it was the order of the Board, upon motion of Commissioner
Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Arnold, that a license for gaming (2 tables) be issued to
the said G. Lopez. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, Blanding and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner,

Aye. Noes, none.

At this time it was ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Arnold, seconded by
Commissioner Blanding , that the salary of the Municipal Judge be raised to the sum of
Fifty Dollars per month, to take effect March first, 1923. Voting Commissioners Arnold,	

Hodgens and Blanding and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

	

At this time the Clerk read for the first time " An Ordinance concerning
aeronautics and matters pertaining thereto", and it was ordered, on motion of Commissioner Blanding
seconded by Commissioner Arnold, that said Ordinance be passed to the second reading. Voting
Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, Blanding and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon, after some discussion of the matter, it was the order of the Board upon
motion of Commissioner Blanding ,seconded by Commissioner Hodgens, that Commissioner Arnold
be, and he is hereby directed to inquire into the matter of securing rock dust from Sloan for
use upon the city streets. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, Blanding and Mayor Pro Tem
Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk was directed to advertise for bids for Collecting Garbage,



said bids to be submitted to the Board at its regular meeting in April, 1923, and to be for the
terms of one year and two years.

Thereupon the Clerk was directed to write to S.C. Dinsmore of the University of
Nevada and inquire when it would be possible for Mr. Dinsmore to meet with the Board to assist
in drafting a milk inspection Ordinance.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time it was ordered
upon motion of Commissioner Arnold, seconded by Commissioner Blanding, that the Board adjourn
until Friday, the 2nd day of March, 1923, at the hour of two o'clock p.m. Voting Commissioners
Hodgens, Arnold, Blanding and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.