OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK
COUNTY, NEVADA, January 15, 1927.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada held on the 15th day of January, A. D. 1927, at the hour of three o'clock, P.M.
Present Hon. J. F. Hesse, Mayor, with Commissioners Elwell, Mundy Smith, and the City Attorney,
F. A. Stevens together with the City Clerk.

Report of J. T. McWilliams on question of acquiring lard to produce water supply for Old
Town was presented, filed and considered by the Board. The matter was laid over until the
next meeting.

At this time W. E. Hawkins reported that the residents in in a portion of Block 2,

Hawkins addition desires to put in at their own expense a sewer line in the alley running
northerly and southerly to connect with existing lines in alley running easterly and westerly
in Block 2, of Hawkins Addition. The matter was considered, upon motion of Commissioner

O.	J. Smith, seconded by Commissioner W. B. Mundy, the following Resolution was duly adopted:
Resolved that T. A. Wells, be and he is hereby granted permission, subject to compliance
with the laws and ordinances of the City to put in at the expense of himself and residents in
Block 2 of Hawkins Addition a Six inch sewer line in the alley running Northerly and Southerly,
in Block 2 of Hawkins Addition to connect with the existing sewer line running easterly and

westerely in said Block 2 of Hawkins Addition.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF LAS VEGAS NEVADA, CLARK
COUNTY, NEVADA. January 12, 1927

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, held on the 12th day of January, A. D. 1927, at the hour of three o'clock, P.M.
Present Hon. J. F. Hesse, Mayor, with Commissioners, W. B. Mundy, O. J. Smith, W. H. Elwell,
together with the City Attorney, F. A. Stevens and City Clerk.

At this time upon motion duly made and carried the gaming license of G. Lopez & M. Marquez
were approved and the clerk directed to issue the license.

At this time the following Ordinance was read for first time:

An Ordinance establishing official grades of the lots, streets, alleys, avenues, public
places, sewers, and other grades in Clerk's Las Vegas Townsite and in other additions to and
subdivisions of the City of Las Vegas, fixing a penalty for the violation of any of the
provisions hereof, and repealing Sections one, two, three, four and five of Ordinance No. 47
of the City of Las Vegas, entitled, "An Ordinance establishing official grades of the lots,
streets, alleys, avenues, public places, sewers, and other grades in Clerk's Las Vegas
Townsite and City of Las Vegas, and regulating the construction of sidewalks therein and other
matters relating thereto", approved Oct. 3, 1913, and also repealing all Ordinances and parts
of Ordinances in conflict herewith." On motion duly made and seconded and carried this
Ordinance was passed over for the second reading.

Thereupon there being no further business to come before the Board at this time it was
ordered upon motion of Commissioners Elwell, seconded by Commissioner Smith, that the Board
adjourn until Saturday the 15th day of January, A. D. 1927, at the hour of three o'clock, P.M.

upon motion duly made and carried that the Board adjourn until Wednesday, the 12th day of
January A. D. 1927, at the hour of three o'clock P. M.

Voting on said motion Commissioners Mundy, Smith, Elwell and His Honor the Mayor J. F. Hesse,
Aye. Noes, none.