Las Vegas, Nevada

	June, 21, 1928.

To the Board of City Commissioners,

Las Vegas, Nevada.

Gentlemen:

It is the desire of the undersigned to supply water to lots numbers
three to fourteen inclusive in Block seven of the Wardie Addition to your
City through a two or three inch cast iron main from a tap in the present
four inch main running through the alleys in Block six of Wardie Addition	

and five of Hawkins Addition, the said tap to be located on the northerly
side of Bridger Street near the property line and the said proposed main
to run along the northerly side of Bridger Street to the alley in the said
Block seven Wardie Addition and thence in a northerly direction in the said
alley in Block seven of Wardie Addition a distance of one hundred feet.

It is impractical, at the present tie to supply water to these
lots through standard mains in the usual way without undue cost and expense
and we, therefore, ask your permission to extend the main in the above mention-
ed manner.

We will place the main at any reasonable depth which may be specified
in your permit.

Thanking you in advance for your consideration of the matter, we are,

Very truly yours,

SOUTH NEVADA LAND & DEVELOPMENT CO,,

BY: H. D. Buzick

Resident Agent.

Upon motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Lundy, and unanimously car-
ried, it was ordered that the said South Nevada Land & Development Co. be permitted to make the
said extensions in their water mains, as requested.

The following Resolution was then presented to the Board:

WHEREAS, the Board of City Commissioners, of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada on the 7th
day of December, 1921 granted a Permit to install, lay and maintain water pipe lines and water
mains and connections and laterals thereto, and all necessary and proper applicance used in con-
nection therewith or appurtenant thereto in, through, over, across, under or along certain streets
and alleys of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada for the purpose of supplying the inhabit-
ants of Hawkins Addition to the City of Las Vegas with water, to W. E. Hawkins, which said permit
was with the permission of said Board assigned by said W. E. Hawkins to Hawkins Land & Water Com-
pany, a corporation, and

WHEREAS, said permit provided that the permittee shall not be entitled to assign said
permit or any rights thereunder without the consent of the Board of City Commissioners of said
City, first had and obtained in writing, except that permission is thereby granted to said permittee 
to assign said permit to Hawkins Land & Water Company, a Nevada corporation, it being further
provided that in the event of such assignment the said provision against assignment without writ-
ten consent shall thereafter apply to said corporation, Hawkins Land & Water Company, and

WHEREAS, said Hawkins Land & Water Company has requested this Board for permission and
consent to assign said permit to Las Vegas Land and Water Company, and

WHEREAS, the said Board of City Commissioners on the 7th day of October, 1926 granted
a permit to Hawkins Land & Water Company to install, lay and maintain water pipe lines and water
mains and connections and laterals thereto, and all necessary and proper applicances used in con-
nection therewith or appurtenant thereto in, through, over, across, under or along certain streets
and alleys in. the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, for the purpose of supplying the 
inhabitants of South Addition to the City of Las Vegas with water and,

WHEREAS, said permit provides that said permittee shall not be entitled to assign said
permit or any right thereunder without the consent of the Board of City Commissioners of said