	

seven thirty o'clock P.M. when it shall convene for the purpose of selling the proposed

	

issue of Las Vegas Highway Bonds, and for such other business as may come before 

the Board at that time.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

Las Vegas, Nevada. August 27, 1933.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, held on the 27th day of August, A.D. 1923, at the hour of seven-thirty
o'clock p.m. Present His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, with members A.R. Anderson, C.R. Shield
and W.H. Elwell, together with the City Attorney and City Clerk, member W.E. Arnold being
absent.

This being the time set by the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las



Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, for the receiving and opening of bids on $30,000.00 Las Vegas
State Highway Bonds as heretofore authorized to be sold by the Board of City Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, by and through a notice duly given by said Board
the same having been published at least once a week for four consecutive weeks prior to the
date of sale in Las Vegas Age and Las Vegas Review, both being weekly newspapers published
in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark State of Nevada, of general circulation, and the
Clerk of said Board having presented said notice to the Board with the affidavits of the
respective Publishers duly sworn to, said notice being in the following form with the
affidavits of Publishers thereunto attached:

"NOTICE OF SALE OF LAS VEGAS HIGHWAY BONDS (1923 Series).

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN: That the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, having complied with the requirements of an Act of the
Legislature of the State of Nevada, entitled "An Act authorizing the board of city commission-
ers of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, to issue bonds to provide for the construction
of a highway through the said City of Las Vegas to connect with route 6 of the state high-
way system of the State of Nevada, and providing for the ratification thereof by special
or general elections before the issuance of any such bonds", approved March 5,1923 and all
acts and parts of acts amendatory thereof or supplemental thereto, hereby offer for sale
Thirty Thousand Dollars ($30,000) Las Vegas Highway Bonds (1923 Series), said Bonds to be
dated September 1,1923, and delivered on or before September 15,1923,with accrued interest.
Said bonds are to be issued in denominations of One Thousand Dollars ($1000) each, numbered
one to thirty consecutively, both numbers inclusive; lot to bear interest annually at the
rate of 6% per annum from date thereof, payable semi-annually, the interest to be due on the
1st day of July and the 2nd day of January of each and every year thereafter, and interest
shall cease on each bond soon as the same matures. Said bonds and interest thereon payable
in Gold Coin of he United States of America.

Bonds 1 and 2 to become due and payable on or before the 1st day of July, 1925; Bonds
3 and 4 to become due and payable on or before the 1st day of July, 1926; Bonds 5 and 6 to