were rejected on the ground that Police and Fire Commissioner refused to o.k. the same.

At this time Police and Fire Commissioner F.E. Matzdorf turned over to the Clerk

of the Board 9 police badges and 2 keys to the city jail.

		

At this time the Clerk presented the bond of J.F. Hesse the newly elected Mayor in the

 sum of One Thousand Dollars, with the United States Fidelity and Guaranty Company as surety 
thereon, and it appearing to the Board that said bond has been duly approved by W.J. Stewart, the 
chairman of the Board of County Commissioners of Clark County, Nevada, and that the said
J.F. Hesse has taken the oath of office required by law, it was ordered, on motion
of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Matzdorf, that the said J.F. Hesse
be and he is hereby declared qualified to assume the office of Mayor of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada. Voting on said motion; Commissioners Anderson, Elwell and Matzdorf,
and His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time the Clerk presented the bond of W.B. Mundy, the newly elected
Commissioner of the First Class of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, in the
sum of One Thousand ($1,000.00) Dollars, with the United States Fidelity and Guaranty
Company as surety thereon, and it appearing to the Board that said bond has been duly
approved by W.J. Stewart, Chairman of the Board of County Commissioners of Clark County,
Nevada, and that the said W.B .Mundy has taken the oath of office required by law,
it was ordered, on motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Matzdorf,
that the said W.B. Mundy be and he is hereby declared qualified to assume the office
of Commissioner of the First Class of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada. Voting on said
motion Commissioners Anderson, Elwell, Matzdorf and His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German,

Aye. Noes, none.

At this time the Clerk presented the bond of Charles J. Hammond, the newly
elected Commissioner of the Second Class of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in the
sum of One Thousand Dollars, ($1,000.00) with the Fidelity and Deposit Company of
Maryland as surety thereon, and it appearing to the Board that said bond has been
duly approved by W.J. Stewart, Chairman of the Board of County Commissioners of Clark
County, Nevada, and that the said Charles J. Hammond has taken the oath of office
required by law, it was ordered, on motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by
Commissioner Matzdorf, that the said Charles J. Hammond be and he is hereby declared
qualified to assume the office of Commissioner of the Second Class of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada. Voting on said motion Commissioners Anderson, Elwell, and Matzdorf,
and His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time the Clerk presented the bond of Otis J. Smith, the newly elected
Commissioner of the Third Class of the City of Las Vegas, in the sum of One Thousand
($1,000.00) Dollars, with the Fidelity and Deposit Company of Maryland as surety
thereon, and it appearing to the Board that said bond has been duly approved by W.J.
Stewart, Chairman of the Board of County Commissioners of Clark County, Nevada, and that
the said Otis J. Smith has taken the oath of office required by law, it was ordered,
on motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Matzdorf, that the said
Otis J. Smith be and he is hereby declared qualified to assume the office of Commis-
sioner of the Third Class of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada. Votin on said motion: Com-
missioners Anderson, Matzdorf, Elwell and His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, Aye. Noes,
none.

At this time the Clerk presented the bond of W.H. Elwell, the newly elected
Commissioner of the Fourth Class of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in the sum of
One Thousand ($1,000.00) Dollars, with Ed. Von Tobel and F.E. Matzdorf as sureties
thereon, and it appearing to the Board that said bond has been duly approved by W.J.
Stewart, the chairman of the Board of County Commissioners of Clark County, Nevada,
and that the said W.H. Elwell has taken the oath of office required by law, it was