OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY,
NEVADA.

April 7th ,1925.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
held on the 7th day of April, A.D. 1925, at the hour of seven-thirty o'clock P.M. Present Hon.

W.C. German, Mayor, with Commissioners A.R. Anderson, F.E. Matzdorf, and W.H. Elwell, together
with acting city attorney Harley A. Harmon, and the City Clerk.

Minutes of the previous meeting were read and there being no omissions or corrections
were approved as read.

Reports of officers were, read, approved and placed on file.

All claims allowed as per claim book on file in the office of the Clerk of the Board. The
claim of the Mesquite Grocery for hay and a broom were referred to W.H. Elwell for further in-
vestigation.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the deed of Mary J. Russell, John L. Russell and D. Pecetto to
the City of Las Vegas to the following described property, to-wit? a parcel of land situate in
Sections 28 and 29, Township 20 South, Range 61 East, M.D.B. & M., in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
the same being a strip of land fifty (50) feet wide, twenty-five (25) feet on each side of the
folio wing described center line: Beginning at a point on the north and south center line of
section 28, Tp.20S., R.68 E., M.D.B.& M, from which the south guarter section corner of said section

28 bears S.O 43'W.,1347.1 feet; thence N.89 36' W.,2661.85 feet to a point from which the section
corner common to Sections 28,29,32 and 33 of said Township bears S.,0 25' E.,1365.7 feet; Thence

N.	88 44' W 1354.41 feet; thence westerly on a curve with a radius of 700 feet ;tangent to last
mentioned course, and convex to the South, a distance of 642.83 feet to the intersection with
the center line of the State Highway from Las Vegas to Tonopah, Nevada, containing 5.08 acres more
or less, as shown on plat hereto attached and made a part thereof.

After due consideration of the matter it was ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Anderson,

seconded by Commissioner Matzdorf, that said deed be accepted by the City and that the city

agree to gravel said piece of land for use as a city street within 18 mos. This order was

 passed on the following vote: Commissioners Anderson, Matzdorf and

Elwell and His Honor the Mayor, Aye. Aye. Noes, none.

this time the Clerk presented the application of Morgan, Stocker and Horden for a
gaming license for five games at the Vegas Bar, the same having been theretofore approved
by the Police and Fire Commissioner, whereupon it was ordered upon motion of Commissioner
Matzdorf, seconded by Commissioner Elwell that said application be granted and that the
Clerk be and she is hereby directed to issue a license for five games to Morgan, Stocker and
Horden at the Vegas Bar. Voting on said motion Commissioners Anderson, Matzdorf, and Elwell and
His Honor the Mayor, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the application of A.C. Summers for a gaming license for two
(2) games at the Big Four, the same having been theretofore approved by Police and Fire Com-
missioner, whereupon it was ordered, upon motion duly made and carried that said application be
granted and that the Clerk be and she is hereby directed to issue a license for two (2) games
to A.C. Summers at the Big Four. This order was passed on motion of Commissioner Anderson, sec-
onded by Commissioner Elwell, and the following vote Commissioner Anderson, Matzdorf, Elwell and
His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

The Clerk then presented the application of J.L. McLaurine for a gaming license (2 Games)
at the Exchange Pool Hall, the same having been theretofore approved by the Police and Fire
Commissioner, whereupon it was ordered upon motion of Commissioner Matzdorf, seconded by Com-
missioner Anderson that said application be granted and that the Clerk be and she is hereby direc-
ted to issue a gaming license (2 games) to J.L. McLaurine at the Exchange Pool Hall. Voting on
said motion ;Commissioners Anderson, Elwell and Matzdorf and His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German,