IN THE OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE
CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

March 1,1922.

At a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held on the 1st
day of March, A.D. 1922, at the hour of eight o'clock p.m. Present his Honor the Mayor Pro Tem W.H.Dentner
with Commissioners Thomas R. Hodgens, W.E. Arnold and Harry Anderson, together with the City Attorney and
City Clerk.

Minutes of the last meeting were read and approved as read.

Bills allowed as per claim book on file with the Clerk of this Board.

Reports of officers read, approved and ordered placed on file.

Upon motion of Commissioners Hodgens, seconded by mayor Pro Tem Dentner and duly carried it
was the order of the Board that the following resolution be adopted and spread upon the minutes of this
Board:

Resolved that the sum of $805.00 be transferred from the General Fund to the Street
Fund of the City of Las Vegas, and that the City Clerk be, and she is hereby directed
to notify the City Treasurer to make said transfer.

The vote on said resolution was as follows: Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, Anderson and His

Honor the Mayor Pro Tem Dentner Aye. Noes, none.

Upon motion of Commissioner Hogdens, seconded by Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, and duly carried it

was the order of the Board, that the following resolution be adopted and spread upon the Minutes of the

Board:

Resolved that the sum of $140.00 be transferred from the General Fund to the Police and
Fire Fund of the City of Las Vegas, and that the City Clerk be, and she is hereby
directed to notify the City Treasurer to make said transfer.

The vote on said resolution was as follows: Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, Anderson, and His 
Honor the Mayor Pro Tem Dentner Aye. Noes, none.

It was the order of the Board upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Mayor Pro

Tem Dentner that the City Clerk be and she is hereby directed to include members regularly enrolled in
the Las Vegas Volunteer Fire Department in the list of premiums paid to the Nevada Industrial Commis-
sion as expressly provided by the Statutes of 1921. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, Anderson
and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem Dentner Aye. Noes, none.

It was the order of the Board upon motion of Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, seconded by Commissioner
Hodgens, and duly carried that the regular meetings of the Board of Commissioners shall hereafter be held
upon the first and third Wednesdays of each month, until the further order of the Board, said meetings
to be held at the hour of seven-thirty o'clock p.m. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, Anderson, and
His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem Dentner Aye, Noes, none. 

Upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, and duly carried
it was the order of the Board that the City printing be hereafter given to the Clark County Review,
until the further order of the Board. Voting, Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, and Anderson, and His Honor
the Mayor Pro Tem, Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

It was the order of the Board upon motion of Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, seconded by Commissioner
Arnold, and duly carried that the City Attorney be and he is hereby directed to draw up ordinances
providing for taking the license off of milk peddling, and raising the license on gambling. Voting Com-
missioners Hodgens, Arnold, Anderson, and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem Dentner Aye. Noes, none.

 	Upon motion of Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, seconded by Commissioner Hodgens, and duly carried,

it was the order of the Board that the City Attorney, be amd he is hereby directed to draw up an ordinance 

providing for the cleaning up of all vacant lots. Voting Hodgens, Arnold, Anderson, and Mayor Pro
Tem Dentner Aye. Noes, none.

It was the order of the Board upon motion of Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, seconded by Commissioner
Hodgens, and duly carried that the City Attorney be and he is hereby directed to draw up ordinances
providing for the parking of autos and trucks, speed limits in school districts, and to provide penalties

for the violation thereof.