OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. May 23, 1927.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, held on the 23rd day of May, 1927, at the hour of three o'clock p. m.
Present: Hon. J. F. Hesse, Mayor* Commissioners W. B. Mundy and O. J. Smith, together with the
City Attorney and Clerk. Absent: Commissioners W. H. Elwell and C. J. Hammond.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

At this time the Clerk presented to the Board the assessment roll as prepared by the City
Assessor for the sidewalk improvement on the east side of South Fourth Street, authorized by
Ordinance No. 122; and, on motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Mundy, and duly
carried it was ordered that the Clerk publish the notice of assessment for a period of two weeks
in the following form:

Notice of Special Assessment.

To Mrs. Julia Moore, George Allen, Mrs. Ed Von Tobel, Gus Lundholm,

Fred Lunholm, Gerald 0. Nelson, Allen O. Hyatt, C. J. Harvey and George
Zettler, and to all persons interested, take Notice:

That the roll of special assessment heretofore made by the assessor for
the purpose of defraying that part of the costs which the board decided
should be paid and borne by special assessment for the construction of a
cement concrete sidewalk on the East side of Fourth Street, in Blocks 39
and 40 of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite in said City of Las Vegas, is now on
file at my office for public inspection. Notice is hereby given that the
Board of City Commissioners and the assessor of the City of Las Vegas will
meet in the Board of City Commissioners' room in this City on Tuesday, the
7th day of June, 1927. at the hour of three o'clock P. M. to review said as-
sessment, at which time and place opportunity will be given all persons in-
terested to be heard.

Dated this 23rd day of May, A. D., 1927.

Wm. L. Scott

City Clerk

That the time for hearing of objections to the assessment be fixed at three o'clock P. M. Tue-
sday, the 7th day of June, 1927.

No further business appearing the meeting was adjourned upon motion duly made, until the
25th of May, 1927, at the hour of three p. m.