The Clerk then road a letter from the Las Vegas, Nevada, Chamber of Commerce recommending that
this Board take some action that would lead to the accommodation of negro automobile tourists coming
through this City. It appearing to the Board that the various tourists camps in this City are
privately owned and that they have a legal right to accommodate or reject any persons, it was ordered
upon motion duly made, seconded and carried that this matter be referred back to the Chamber of
Commerce and that the Clerk be directed to write to the said Chamber of Commerce and state that this
Board has no power to regulate tourists camp grounds in this regard and that it is the opinion of
this Board that this matter can be better handled by the Chamber of Commerce.

No further business appearing it was ordered upon motion duly made that this meeting adjourn
until October 18th, 1927, at the hour of three o'clock P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. October 18, 1927.

At an adjourned regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, held on the 18th day of October, 1927, at the hour of three o'clock P. M.

Present: His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse; Commissioners W. B. Mundy, O. J. Smith, W. C. German,
and Roy Neagle, together with the City Attorney and Clerk.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

At this meeting the Board was engaged in the discussion of a proposed audit of the City books,
later discussing proposed vehicle parking regulations, and later discussing measures for Fire pre-
ventions in this City.

No further business appearing it was ordered upon motion duly made that this meeting adjourn
until October 19th, 1927, at the hour of three o'clock P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. October 19, 1927.

At an adjourned regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, held on the 19th day of October, 1927, at the hour of three o'clock P. M.

Present: His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse; Commissioners W. B. Mundy, O. J. Smith, and Roy
Neagle, together with the City Attorney and Clerk. Commissioner W. C. German being absent.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

At this time the Board was engaged in the discussion of the legal phases relative to the
paving of streets in this City, the following members of the City Planning Commission being
present: W. S. Park, President, and W. E. Ferron.

No further business appearing it was ordered upon motion duly made that this meeting adjourn
until October 24th, 1927, at the hour of three o'clock P. M.