OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

December 6th, 1928.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 6th day of December, 1928, at the hour of
three o'clock, P. M.

PRESENT:	His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B. Mundy,

W. C. German, and Roy Neagle.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

All claims allowed as shown by the Warrants and Claim Register on file in the office
of the Clerk; reports read and approved; likewise minutes of previous meetings read and
approved at this time.

It was ordered upon motion duly made, seconded and carried that the moneys collected
by the City Clerk, Municipal Judge and Plumbing Inspector for licenses, fines and fees
respectively, be apportioned as follows:- To the General Fund the sum of $155.00; to
the Police Fire Fund the sum of $252.50; Water, Sewer and Light Fund the sum of $46.25.

Upon motion of Commissioner W. B. Mundy, seconded by Commissioner W. C. German, the
following Preambles and Resolution were duly adopted:

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas entered into an agreement with Las Vegas Land & Water
Company, bearing date the 21st day of April, 1928, wherein it was provided among other
things in paragraph numbered 1 on page 2 of said agreement as follows:

"1. That if the said agreement between the said Las Vegas Land & Water Company,
in the form presented to the Board of Commissioners of said City and now
on file with said City of Las Vegas shall be duly executed by the parties
thereto and a signed copy thereof filed with the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas within thirty days from the date hereof, then and in
that event the said agreement of February 16, 1927, and the said amendments
thereto of date May 10, 192 7 and Aug. 18, 1927 shall ipso facto become re-
scinded and no further force or effect, and the following terms of this
agreement shall at once become operative, to-wit:" and

WHEREAS, the terms referred to were and are subdivisions (a), (b), (c), & (d) of

said Agreement of April 21, 1928, and

WHEREAS, a signed copy of "said proposed agreement" mentioned in the above-quoted
paragraph numbered 1 was not filed with the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
within thirty days from the said April 21, 1928, or within any period of extension or
at any other time, and no waiver of said provision for the filing thereof has been made
by the City of Las Vegas,	

NOW THEREFORE, Be It Resolved, that the said Agreement of April 21, 1928 is and is
hereby declared to be forfeited and null and void and of no further force or effect.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the said Agreement of February 16, 1927, as amended and
modified by the said amendments thereto of May 10, 1927, and Aug. 18, 1927, referred to
in the above-quoted paragraph numbered 1 of said agreement of April 21, 1928, be and the
same is hereby declared to be operative and in force and effect.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the City of Las Vegas declares itself to have no claim
on or any right, title or interest in any moneys deposited by Frank N. Riley or his
successors or assigns in First State Bank of Las Vegas, Nevada, Inc. as a guaranty under
any agreement between the said Frank N. Riley and Las Vegas Land & Water Company, or their
or either of their successors or assigns.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the Clerk of this Board is hereby directed to transmit a
certified copy of these Preambles and Resolution to said Las Vegas Land & Water Company
and First State Bank of Las Vegas, Nevada, Inc., as and for notice to said Las Vegas Land &
Water Company and First State Bank of Las Vegas, Nevada, Incorporated of the action hereby
taken upon the forfeiture and declaration of forfeiture and annulment of said agreement
of April 21, 1928 between said City of Las Vegas and said Las Vegas Land & Water Co.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Smith, Mundy, German, Neagle
and His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, voting Aye; Noes, none.

The resolution with Preambles thereto was thereupon declared to have been duly
adopted.

Upon motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Mundy, the following Pre-
ambles and Resolution were duly adopted:

	Whereas, on the 5th day of December, 1928, the Board of Commissioners of the City of

Las Vegas, after due notice thereof given in accordance with the Charter of the City of
Las Vegas, did confirm Las Vegas City Pavement Assessment #11, and

Whereas, the said roll was on the 5th day of December, 1928 duly recorded in the
Office of the Ex-Officio Assessor of the City of Las Vegas in a suitable book kept by said
Ex-Officio Assessor for such purpose, and a Certificate of said Ex-Officio Assessor of the
date of such recording has been appended to such recorded Assessment Roll, and

Whereas, it is deemed advisable by this Board to make such assessment payable in ten
installments, bearing interest as hereinafter provided,

NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that said Las Vegas City pavement Assessment #11 be made,
and is hereby made payable in ten equal installments, one of which installments shall be