OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

Las Vegas, Nevada. November 4th, 1926.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
held on the 4th day of November, A.D. 1926, at the hour of three o'clock P.M. Present Hon. J.F.

Hesse, Mayor, with Commissioners W.B. Mundy and O.J. Smith, together with the City Attorney and the
City Clerk.

Minutes of the previous meeting were read, and there being no omissions or corrections
were approved ad read.

Reports of officers were, read, approved and ordered placed on file in the office of the

Clerk.

All claims allowed as per claim book on file in the office of the clerk of this Board.

The claim of Ed. W. Clark Forwarding Company in the sum of $5.45 for hay furnished B.S. Barrett

was rejected for the reason that the city had paid Mr. Barrett for the work done on the Streets

and had not contracted to pay for any teams or fDr hay used by any teams.

Licenses and fines in the sum of $2141.50 were ordered distributed as follows:

Salary Fund	$	376.94

Police and Fire Fund Tot	1764.56

Total		2141.50

and the clerk was directed so to notify the City Treasurer.

Said order was made upon motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Smith, and carried
upon the following vote: Commissioners Smith, Mundy, and His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, Aye.

Noes, none.

At this time an order was made, upon motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner
Smith, that the Board adjourn until Friday, the 5th day of November, A.D. 1926, at the hour of three
o'clock PMH. Voting on said motion Commissioners Mundy, Smith and His Honor the Mayor J.F. Hesse, Aye.
Noes. none.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. November 5th, 1926.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of County Commissioners of Clark County, Nevada,
held on the 5th day of November, A.D. 1926, at the hour of three o'clock P.M. Present Hon. W.J. Stewart,
Chairman, with Commissioners W.B. Mundy, C.J. Hammond, O.J. Smith and W.H. Elwell, together with the
City Attorney and City Clerk.

Members of the Board of County Commissioners of Clark County, Nevada, and of a committee
from the Chamber of Commerce were present at this meeting and a discussion of the proposed
lighting of the air mail landing field was had. After general discussion of the matter it
was decided upon motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Smith, that the Board
shall appropriate the sum of $700 from the Publicity Fund of the City of Las Vegas to assist
in the proposed lighting. Voting on said motion Commissioners Mundy, Smith, Hammond, Elwell and
His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, Aye. Noes. none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, it was ordered
upon motion of Commissioner Elwell, seconded by Commissioner Mundy that the Board adjourn until
Friday the 12th day of November, A.D. 1926, at the hour of three o'clock P.M. Voting on said
motion Commissioners Mundy, Smith, Hammond, Elwell, and His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, Aye. Noes,
none.